Okay, so in the beginning, Earnest and his cousin Alfred and Darius are all in the car, and they're sitting there, and somebody kicks the rearview mirror. So then Alfred gets out of the car, and he's yelling, and Earnest is kind of trying to stop him, and Darius is kind of just acting weird, looking around at everything. And Alfred and this other guy who kicked his rearview mirror are kinda fighting, and the guy who kicked the mirror has this girlfriend who's yelling too, and Darius keeps looking around, and he sees this dog that kind of looks like a police dog, and he is—like he keeps saying that he feels like he's having deja vu. And then we see Alfred pull out his gun and point it at the guy who kicked his mirror, and then the guy pulls out his gun, shows his gun, and then Earnest pulls out his gun, and they're all three looking at each other, and the guy who kicked the mirror is saying, "Oh, like I have my people." And oh, before that, Alfred was mad cause he wanted this guy to pay for his mirror, and the girl was saying, "Oh, like you don't need him to pay, like you have all this money, you're a rapper, like you're Pony Boy, Paper Boy." And then the guy who kicked his mirror said something like, "Oh, like you suck," or something like, "not a good rapper." And then at the end, when all three guns are brought out, there's kinda chaos, and there's a focus on the dogs, and then you kinda see a police car, siren flash, and then there's a shot heard, and you don't know who shot or who was shot. And then the scene changes, and it's Earnest in bed with this girl, and I can't remember her name, but he is laying there listening to music, and she's not awake yet, and he has these headphones on, and she takes them off his head cause she was asleep, and she was like, "Why are you awake?" And then he starts telling her about this dream that he had, with there was seaweed that turned into hands that pulled him down, and there was some girl that told him to swim above it. And then his kinda girlfriend—I don't really know what she is—but she was like, "What did the girl look like?" And he said, "Oh, she's like fat and uninteresting." And then she said, "Oh, but then you probably turned around and made out with her." And he was like, "I didn't say that." And she was like, "Whatever, you actually did." And he said, "Yeah." And then he leans over to kiss her, and she is like, "No, I have morning breath." And he was like, "Oh, it smells like curry or whatever." She was like, "That's so gross that you want to." And so then they were kissing for a minute, and then she says something like, "Oh, tell me you love me." And he kinda laughs, laughs it off, and she's like, "Why did you laugh?" And he said, "Cause you always ask me this, and now I say, 'Of course I love you.'" And then she got mad and got up out of the bed and went into the bathroom and took off this thing that she had on her head so that she can undo her hair. And then Earnest walks into the room next to theirs and picks up his daughter, and then his girlfriend, just I don't know, baby mama, is talking about how she has a parent-teacher conference that night and that it's his turn to watch their daughter. I think her name is Lottie. And then she says that she won't be back until eleven, and he asks why she's gonna be back so late, and she says, "Cause I have a date." And then he kinda start kinda sarcastically bouncing her daughter, saying, "Oh, like yeah, this must be a healthy environment for you, that and your parents are living together but the mom's dating other people." And then he goes to work, and I think he works at an airport and has this friend named Swift, I think Swiff or Swift, and they're talking, and they're either selling a credit card or some kind of something for the plane, I don't know. Earnest is talking about how he's so annoyed with everything cause he can't sell any of this stuff and cause he's not an old woman. And then they look across, and there's this old woman that's kinda playing up her grandmotherly nature, and then when she gets this guy to sign, she kinda make humps him behind and is looking straight at Swift and Earnest, and they feel kinda weird about it. And then Swift starts showing Earnest a video of Pony Boy, Paper Boy, and he's showing him a music video and saying, "Yeah, he's getting big, like he's about to make a lotta money." And Earnest says, "Oh, that's my cousin." And Swift thinks he's talking about one of the girls, and he's talking about how attractive she is. He says, "No, like Paper Boy's my cousin." And his friend is started—he was like, "Oh, well you need to get in on that money, cause he's about to make it big." And at first Earnest like wasn't really that didn't seem that enthused while talking about Paper Boy, but then once he hears about the money, but he's immediately a little more interested, and right away he's like, "Okay, I'm gonna leave." His friend is like, "Are you gonna go talk to him?" And he was like, "I don't know." And his friend was like, "Tell him I say hey." And then we see Earnest going up to his parents' house, and at this point he's changed out of his blue work outfit, and he's back in his normal clothes, and he always has his backpack all the time. And he walks up, and his dad opens the door and just kinda stares at him, and he's like, "Hey." And his dad's like, "Hey." His mom, you can see her, she's visible too, and he's talking, and they were like, "We're not gonna let you in, like you just want money." And he's like, "No, like that's not true." And then they were talking about how he's always there and he used the bathroom there recently. And then he is talking about how they—he needs them to pick Lottie up from daycare school and watch her for a little bit. And then they, I think his dad tells him, "Oh, like Alfred is somewhere." Like I don't even remember if Earnest ever actually asked where Alfred is, his cousin was, but his dad tells him anyway. And so then he goes over, and then we can see the inside of Alfred's house, and he's sitting on the couch watching TV, and this guy's in a cooking apron, and he's Darius from the beginning. And then we see Earnest knock on the door, and Alfred opens it just a little bit and points his gun out. Earnest says something like, "Oh, like you got real people now." And then Alfred lets him in, and then as Earnest is turning a corner, you can see Darius standing with a knife held up. And then as soon as Alfred introduces Darius to Earnest, then Darius puts the knife down, and he's like, "Do you want a cookie?" So they have a cookie. And then Earnest talks about how he pretty automatically Alfred's like, "So you wanna get in on this deal or whatever," and Earnest is like, "Yeah, like I want to be your manager." And he's talking about, "Oh, like you don't know how to manage," and he was saying something like actually I don't know what he's saying about that. And then the whole time Darius, he's making these kinda stupid comments. And then either Darius or Alfred is like, "Oh shoot, it's four thirty, we're late." And so then they go outside, and they're smoking weed on this couch in the yard, and Alfred asks Earnest if he wants in, and he's like, "No, like I'm on the job or whatever," and Alfred kinda denies him. And they start talking, and Earnest is trying to speak in his own favor saying why he'd be good at it, and he says like he was talking about, "Oh, like he cuts some of the tracks or something." And then whenever they get up to leave, they're walking back, and they kinda get into an argument. Alfred turns into something like, "I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral, like you're really here for the money," I don't know something like that. And then kinda shuts the door to his face. And then we see Alfred go to what looks like a radio station kinda place, and then there's some guy, I think his name is Dave, that he somehow knew from earlier that was being really rude and like I don't know what the word is, like cocky I guess, but he is keeps saying the n-word like in a really casual context around Earnest who obviously feels weird about it and is just confused. And he Earnest is asking, "Hey, like could you get my cousin's mixtape through and to get it played on the radio." Dave was saying something like, "You have to have five hundred dollars cash up front, I think, to slide it through," and then it would have to go to through him and then to someone else named KP, I think. Earnest is like, "What do you get out of it?" Like nothing, like I don't get anything, but I think Earnest was kinda skeptical. And then Dave kinda denies his offer. So then as Dave walks in the building, Earnest sees this janitor who's pushing a trash can, and I think his name is Prince, and he introduces himself and was like, "Could you get me into the building or something?" And so then we see Alfred at Earnest's parents' house, and he's talking to them like, "Oh, like you think I should let Alfred be my manager?" And at first he saw—I mean no, Alfred was like, "Should I let Earnest be my manager?" And at first he saw Lottie cause Earnest's mom was holding her, and she's like, "Earn." Alfred was like, "Oh, like let me, let me hold her, like let me hold my cousin." And she was like, "No, I don't want her to get like secondhand high." And then he's talking to Earnest's dad, and he's saying like, "Oh, like I don't know if I should trust him." And his dad's like, "Yeah, I don't know either, then that's concerning." And he says something like, "Oh, but once he puts his mind to something, like he'll really go for it." And then we see Earnest at the radio station, and I think Prince let him in, and then Dave is has his headphones on, is in a recording booth or something, so he can't come outside. And Earnest has some money attached to the CD, and he walks straight by Dave who's kinda upset, I think that he just went around him, and he puts it under this guy named KP's door. And then we see him on I think like a bus riding home, and he has his daughter, and they're both wearing headphones, and his daughter's asleep. And then this guy across the the seat across from him looks at him, and he's like, "I can tell like you're thinking really deeply." And then he moves over, and he's dressed really nicely, and he comes and sits next to Earnest who takes off his headphones, and he's just talking about, "Oh, I feel like I'm always losing all the time or whatever." And then this guy starts saying all this inspirational stuff, and Earnest is kinda uninterested in it. And as this other guy's talking, he's making like putting a Nutella onto a sandwich. And then he once he finishes, he looks over at Earnest, and he's like, "Take a bite of this." And Earnest is kinda like, "No, like the that's kinda weird." And then he's like, "Take a bite of this sandwich." And then Earnest doesn't, and all of a sudden you see this flash of blue lights, like police lights, that is similar to what happened in the beginning of the movie, like the show in the first scene. And then he looks over in the open cup of Nutella still there, but the guy's gone, and he looks out the back, and the guy's walking into the woods with the same dog from the beginning, so like it's like this kinda weird scene. And then right after that, Paper Boy, Alfred, Alfred calls Earnest and is like, "Man, like it's on the radio, like listen to this," cause his song was playing, which was I think called "Paper Boy." And Earnest is like, "Oh, like I'm surprised it happened that quick." And his cousin's like, "Oh, like come over here." And so then the next scene, his daughter's not with him, and he's walking over to the car with his backpack on, and he gets in, and they're listening. And then Alfred's like, "Oh, like do you wanna smoke some weed now?" And at this point Earnest accepts. And then while they're sitting outside this gas station, and Darius is in the back, Dave walks up, and he seems kind of annoyed that Earnest was able to get around him, and he's like, "Man, how did you do that? Like how'd you get in?" And Earnest was just like, "I mean yeah, I guess like it's what you said, like you just have to know people," like kinda being sarcastic about how proud, I don't know, I don't know, I can't find it, but like whatever however he was being. And then you can tell that Dave was kinda intimidated at this point, and he's trying to act cool, and he was like, "Yo, yeah, I liked your song or something." And then Earnest is like, "Oh, why don't you tell them the Flo Rida story which you had told earlier." And he was saying like he told this story again, but wasn't as obnoxious about it, and didn't use the n-word that time, which Earnest was really listening for. Then he kinda leaves. And then they're sitting there, and this girl walks by, and I don't know what she did, but for some reason Alfred who was in the driver's seat shouted some kinda like he might've called her like a hoe or something. And then they're sitting there, and they're talking, and then all of a sudden you see his rearview mirror kicked, which with similar to how the first scene was. And then he reaches to grab his gun from the glove compartment, and Earnest remembers kinda feels has this feeling of deja vu about it. He's like, "No, like don't do that." And so then Alfred gets out of the car and runs over and gets in the same fight. And then but and we see Earnest running out, and we assume that it's gonna be the same thing that happened in the beginning, but because Alfred doesn't have his gun, we don't really know. And then the scene changes, and it shows Earnest's girlfriend walking into the house, and she's the mom is like, "Oh, like I drank the rest of your wine or something." And she was like, "Oh, the whole bottle." And she was like, "I had to watch Lottie because Earnest had some kinda work thing." And so then she is taking off her shoes and walking in, and she's in a pretty nice dress, and she's kinda walking into the kitchen, and the news is playing on the TV. And then the last segment, it's like there's a shooting that occurred outside the gas station, and there's two possible suspects, and it's Paper Boy and Earnest, and it's saying like the weapon has not been found, and somebody I think was wounded and is in the hospital, and there's another suspect still missing. And then at this point the girlfriend looks at the screen and is like, "Idiots," or something, cause it says like they were fighting over a damaged car. And then the scene, the episode ended, yeah.