So this isn't chronologically how it occurred, but in the beginning of the episode, the car of Paper Boy was hit in the mirror by a man. The mirror fell off, so Paper Boy, Earn, and another guy got out of the car, and there is a confrontation in which Paper Boy, Earn, and the other guy were against a woman and a man. And a whole discussion occurred; they talked about money, and it was very— I don't know, you could tell that it was gonna get violent pretty soon. And it does when Paper Boy pulls out his gun and points it at the other man, and the other man then shows that he has a gun in his pocket, and Earn has a gun too. So they all have guns, so they're all pointing it at each other. And the third guy that was in the car is beside them, looking pretty high and looking at a gun and just not really in it. And then the camera kinda pulls up, and you get a bird's eye view of the situation, and I guess Atlanta, if this is Atlanta. And then you see the fire of a shot, and you don't really know what happens, but you suspect that Paper Boy pulled the trigger. We find out later that it was that, but the camera continues to go up, and you go through the whole sky and travel over Atlanta, you travel through the clouds, you see houses, houses that are broken, houses that are nice. It's just very diverse. And then you see the Atlanta logo, and I think the episode really starts there with Earn in bed waking up next to a woman. And the woman, Earn is listening to music, and the woman accidentally hits Earn in the face and realizes that Earn's awake, and some they start flirting with each other and talking and kissing. And then the woman says, "Tell me that you love me," and Earn gives a little laugh and continues to kiss her. Then the woman's like, "Why? Why'd you laugh? Why didn't you tell me that you love me?" And Earn's like, "I always say yes, of course I love you," and so that's why I laughed. And the woman's like, "Say it." So he say, "I love you," but the woman was obviously upset, so she gets out of bed and she goes to the bathroom. And Earn walks out and goes to the crib of Lottie and picks up Lottie and is like putting her in the air. And the woman reminds Earn that he has Lottie tonight and tells Earn not to bring Lottie to Earn's parents' house because the place where they're at is their home. And she also tells— asks him, well, request that if he continues to live with her, that he's going to have to pay rent. And that it comes out that she's not gonna be home till eleven that night. And Earn is like, "Why aren't you gonna be here till eleven?" And she doesn't say anything, and it finally comes out that she has a date tonight. And then Earn's like throwing Lottie in the air, joking around how he's gonna be— I don't remember the adjective, but the guy's gonna be bad, like be a jokester. And the next scene is Earn in an airport working as a salesperson next to another guy, and people are walking past Earn, but Earn can't get anyone else to stop, and the other guy can't either. But there is an older woman, and they go, "You know, guys can't do this, only old women can do this." And the old woman is easily able to grandmother man to stop and sign up for the thing that they wanted them to sign up for. And she is very nice to the guy, like kind of flirty, and gets him to sign up. And he's— she stands behind him and does like, I mean, like grinding on her, grinding on him, kind of just to rub it in the other guys' faces that they didn't get the person, and gives them like a stink eye. And then the guy that Earn was standing next to mentions Paper Boy, and the next scene is— well, then Earn says that he's my cousin, and the other guy doesn't believe that Earn knows the Paper Boy, but obviously Earn does. And so Earn first goes to his parents' house, and when he gets there, his dad's standing in the door having a very normal conversation with Earn. And then Earn goes, "So are you gonna let me in?" And the dad says, "I'm not rich enough to do that," because Earn always asks for money, and so they don't wanna give Earn any more money, and Earn also— so Earn's not allowed to go inside. And they talk about the poop that Earn left in the toilet and how his mom kinda dug through it and saw all the different candies and drugs that Earn's been doing, and so Earn can't be— and he asks them to pick up Lottie. And then the next scene is Earn at— at his cousin's house, and when his cousin answers the door, he has a gun just pointed out from the door, and Earn comments that he actually uses the peep hole as a peep hole. And then Earn walks in, and the crazy guy who in the first scene was really high is standing there holding cookies in one hand, a knife in the other, and an apron on. And then when he sees that it's Earn, it's all okay, he gives Earn a cookie, and they walk into the kitchen. And Earn proposes that no— when they're sitting on the couch, Earn proposes that he wants to manage— I completely forgot his name— manage the guy, his cousin. And then his cousin who realizes— realizes it's four thirty, and he says, "Oh, I'm late." So the three guys go to a couch somewhere else outside the house, like a really run-down couch, like a random field of grass, and they're sitting there. And his cousin and the other guy that was high in the first scene are smoking, and his cousin offers like asks Earn to smoke. Earn says, "No, I don't smoke during business things." So wanting to manage his cousin, his cousin insinuates that he's looking for something else and that he's not actually thinking he's fine with what he has at the moment, and Earn keeps on pushing unsuccessfully. And then the next scene is Earn in a parking lot, like a frat-looking dude, and Earn asks the guy who seems like an old friend, not very close, to play his cousin's song. And the guy's like, "Oh yeah, I love that song, but you're gonna have to give me money." Well, he doesn't say he has to give him money, but he's like, "I'm not gonna just do it." So Earn says, "What do you want?" And the guy says, "Half of a C," I think, which is five hundred dollars. And Earn's like, "No, that's crazy." And the guy's like, "Okay, it's fine, I don't need you," and starts walking away. And Earn doesn't bite, and so then after the guy walks inside, Earn goes up to the trash man who's pushing Prince— his name was Prince— goes up to Prince. And he asks Prince— well, he's like, he first like becomes friends with Prince kind of, and then he asks Prince whether how late Prince is there that night. And then the next scene is him, Earn, going in to his room in a book and pulls out money. And then the next scene is Earn at the radio station again, and he goes upstairs, sees the dude like his old friend that he saw before, and Earn has a CD with money rubber banded to it. And the guy's like, "Okay, yeah, come in, come in," like the guy who's on the radio. And Earn actually just goes around the guy and goes to his boss where the guy said the money was gonna go and slipped it under his door, obviously undermining the guy, his like friendish guy. And the next scene is Earn's cousin showing up to his to Earn's parents' house, and he says hi to his aunt and uncle and asks them what they think about having Earn as a manager. And then his at the end of that conversation, the dad goes that when Earn wants something, he's gonna make it happen, which was I guess like the CD thing, that's an example of that. And then the next scene is Earn's cousin, so this is like the loop around to that first scene that we saw, but it's Earn's cousin and Earn's cousin's friend listening to the song on the radio, like the cousin's song on the radio. And the cousin calls her and says like basically says, "Yeah, you can manage me now," not knowing that it was Earn that gave in the CD. He just thinks that his music's actually taking off, so that he needs a manager now. And so Earn drives over to meet his cousin and the friend. Oh, going back to the scene with the parents, the friend was also in the car and asks to measure the tree, and the dad says, "Not this day," going forward again in the parking lot again. And so Earn arrives to the car with the friend and his cousin, and they're like rocking out to the music, they're listening to this song being played, like they're blasting it. And Earn goes, gets into the car, obviously very happy with himself, and the cousin offers him a joint, and Earn actually smokes it this time. And they are like having a great time. And then this is when it loops back to the beginning scene because that's when the window gets hit by the guy, and they all get out of the car, and it's confrontational again. But before that, Earn's cousin had been checking out the woman that was there. Ultimately, after this scene, we go back to Earn's apartment with the woman, and his mom's there with Lottie. And the woman's like, "Oh, where is Earn?" And the woman, his mom said that Earn had a business thing, and so she was bringing Lottie back. And then the mom leaves, and then the woman who's just like putting things down, looking around, and she sees on the TV that the TV's just talking about random accidents, whatever. And she sees on the TV like all of a sudden, like it's— it switches from like random traffic news to live, like reporting live, and there's a picture of Earn and his cousin saying that these two men are suspects in a shooting and the victim's wounded. And she looks at the TV, and she just goes, "Idiots." And that's the end of it.