So the episode begins in which it ends, and so Alfred is there, who is Paper Boy, the emerging rapper, and then Earnest, or Earn, is there with him in the car, and Darius too. But they pretty much the scene starts with them all together; there's a woman there and also a guy who we find out later kicked down the mirror, or kicked off the mirror, of the car. But they're having an altercation, and also with a guy, and the guy who kicked off the mirror of the car has confetti on his shirt. Then there's an altercation; I'm not exactly sure what was happening during it, but there was a wolf type or dog that looked like a wolf over on the corner. Then all of a sudden a shot rings out, and then the scene cuts to the music that's the theme song, I guess, for the show starting the episode. Then it opens to the scene with Earn in his bed, and he's listening to headphones of the music that was playing. His wife wakes up and asks him why he's awake, and they have some banter. Then they start making out, but his—well, I don't know if it's still his wife or the ex-wife, or if it's his ex-wife now, but anyway, and then they start making out. Then she asks him to tell her that he loves her, and he laughs, and she stops and asks him why he laughs. He says it's cause she asks him every time. Then she gets a little upset, but then he makes a weird smile, and she's okay. They both get out of bed, and his wife goes to the bathroom, and she takes off her head wrap and starts undoing her hair. Earn goes to say hi to the baby, Lottie, their child, who's waking up. She and the wife, or ex-wife, Van—that's her name—and Van tells Earn that they, that he needs to watch Lottie tonight because she's going out with—well, she has parent-teacher conferences, and she's going out afterwards on a date with somebody. Then after that, and Earn is clearly a little upset by that. Then afterwards, the scene, next scene, is at the airport where Earn has a job making people sign up for credit cards for airlines. Essentially, the guy he's working with, Swift, starts talking to him about things going on. He asks him if he knows Paper Boy, and Earn says no, he's not really up to date of culture, I guess, right now. That's not quite the right word. And then Swift shows him a video of Paper Boy, and then Earn's like, "That's my cousin." Then Swift doesn't think he's talking about the woman in the video first, and then anyway he says no, Paper Boy, Earn. So they have that little discussion. Also during that, the another woman who's in the same company working, they are talking about her being the grandmother, much better at getting people to sign up for cards, and she makes a lot of jokes about it, kinda rubbing in their faces. Then anyway, the next scene is Earn going to his parents' house, where his dad doesn't even let him in the door because they think he's coming to ask for money. Anyway, Earn asks him about where Alfred, or Paper Boy, is living because Alfred's his cousin, and the father tells her. Then they also have a discussion about him coming by and living poop in the toilet as well. Then next, Earn goes to visit Alfred at his house, and Alfred opens the door with a gun. Then Darius is there with his plate of cookies and a knife also to greet, and Alfred lets him in. They talk on the couch for a bit, and Earn asks Alfred to that, or to Earn to be Alfred's manager, and Alfred's not into it. Anyway, they have a discussion. When they meet Alfred, he's there playing a video game on the TV. So they end up going the next scene is them outside chatting and what not, and I think it was just a continued conversation about being a manager. It comes up that, and basically Earn is trying to convince him that it would be great for both, Alfred's family and supporting them, and for Earn to support his own family. It comes up that Darius can't have kids, and Darius too, he includes in that for supporting the family. Then basically Alfred's still not really convinced about it. Then it goes to the next scene is Earn meeting—he goes to this, and he also sorry, Alfred, I mean, Earn tells Alfred that he has ins at the Great Diamond, still that radio station. Alfred is still is not jumping on the idea of having Earn as his manager, and he brings up the fact that he hasn't even seen Earn since his mother's funeral. Anyway, so then the next scene is Earn at the radio, I think it was KFC or something like that. He meets somebody that he knew there, this white guy in the parking lot. Anyway, the white guy, I forget his name, yeah, I'm blanking out on his name right now. He tells Earn like, "Oh, I didn't know you were in town," and he tells him about a party. In the story, he is like, "Oh, I wish you were there to be the DJ, cause this DJ was not good." Then he and I guess that, and the DJ played two Flo Rida songs back to back. The guy tells him about how he went up to him and and called this guy the n-word. Earn is a little obviously taken aback by that and upset by that. Then basically the guy that works at the radio station, the guy that is his friend that I forget his name still, he tells him that he can get—cause Earn asks him about Paper Boy if he knows him—and this guy's like, "Yeah, I know about him, he's really big on the streets and stuff." But he says like, "If you want it to be played on the radio, then you gotta give me five hundred dollars, and I'll give it to my boss to play it on the radio." Then basically they're slowly walking in towards the radio station building, and Earn asks this guy like, "What cut are you getting from this? Like, what's the net for you?" He says, "Oh, it's just business," which obviously is kind of suspicious, like I would do it anyway. And so anyway, and also Earn is telling him that he doesn't have five hundred dollars, he's gotta pay rent. And so anyway, the guy carrying coffee, he walks in. Then Earn sees this janitor who works in the building, and his name's Prince. He asks him if that other guy has ever called him an n-word, and he says no, and if he did like, "I'd hurt him." Basically they kind of devise a plan and how later you're working, and then it doesn't tell you anymore. But so it cuts from that to a scene where he to that night, and Earn walks in to the to the radio station, and he waves the money and the CD. Oh, first sorry, it cuts to the scene next where Earn is taking the money out of this box, his shoebox. Then it cuts to the radio station scene, and he's got in and had the money, puts it underneath his boss's door, the white guy's boss's door, in their radio station. The boss's name started with a K. Then basically the scene is Earn, so we can presume from that the janitor let him in that night. Then the scene cuts to Earn on a public transportation bus, and he has his daughter Lottie in his arms. She's wearing these really cute headphones that are pink, and they have a little princess on the top, tiara at the top connected to it. She's sleeping, and Earn is listening to music in his headphones. Then there's a guy who's in a tan suit across says something; I'm not exactly sure what he said. He goes and sit next to Earn, and he and so Earn takes off his headphones. This guy starts making a Nutella sandwich, and Earn is talking about, you know, sometimes I just feel like the losers are here, like referring to himself, just so that the winners can win and stuff. Then this guy in the tan suit gives this really metaphorical stuff about, "You just gotta be a broken branch like caught in the river stream." Then he tells Earn to bite into the Nutella sandwich, and Earn's like, "Nah, I'm good, like it's okay," cause and then a police siren flash by in the window. Then basically all of a sudden this tan suit guy is off the bus, and he sees it's him, and the Nutella's there but not the sandwich. Then he sees this tan suit guy walking into the forest with the dog that looks like kinda wolf like who we see at the beginning of the movie behind this guy. Then the next scene is, oh, and then he sorry, and then he's still on the bus. Then he gets a call from Alfred about because his song, he's hearing his song on the radio, and is like, "Listen," and they turn up the song so Earn can hear it. Basically he's inviting him now to be a part of of jumpstarting his career, and tells him to come meet him. So then the next scene is Earn coming to this kind of, I don't know exactly what it is, like a gas station, diner, convenience store, or something like that with bright lights. Alfred's sitting in the car with Darius in the backseat, and Alfred comes without Lottie, so it's assumed that he drops her off at home. Anyway, they, he gets in the car, and they are talking. Then though the white guy who worked at the radio station Earn knows comes by, and he was basically says something about it not being his boss is kinda upset about it, and then Earn about the money and having a song played. Then Earn was like, "Well, he must not be that upset because this song is playing on the radio right now." Anyway, Earn tries to ask him this guy to tell the story because he knows it will the story of the night at the party with the DJ, because he knows that he like that the this guy saying the n-word will upset the people in the car. Then it so he so then the guy tells the story, but he changes it so that when he is just going, when he goes up to the DJ, he just goes really and nothing else. Then the Darius in the backseat's like, "I kinda like Flo Rida." Then the yeah, and then they, where am I? Yeah, okay. Then he says like, "Oh, I don't know why he this guy told me to tell why Earn took me to tell you guys thought it was a dumb story basically." And and then this guy walks off. Then pretty soon after another guy walks by, and he's the guy who's wearing the confetti shirt, and he kicks off the or his off the mirror of the car, which is in the beginning scene, but now we're getting the context of the beginning scene. Alfred is upset, and he but he doesn't gets out of the car, and as he does he clicks the glove compartment open, and we see the gun there that Earn is seeing. Then it cuts to them walking out of there into the hall. Then it cuts to the scene where Van comes home and finds Earn's mom there, and she'd been watching TV and had put Lottie to bed, was watching her until Van got home because. And she says the mother that Earn had business to deal with. Then as Van is coming in, the news real changes to breaking news, and it's Earn and Paper Boy as the prime suspects in a shooting in the area where. Well, first it talks about the area where it is where the shooting has to have happened in blank, it starts with a D County. Then Van comes to look at the TV, and she sees the two prime suspects, sorry, Paper Boy and Earn, pop up. And and then she goes like, "Oh shit." And the person on the TV is saying stuff about they still haven't recovered murder weapon, and they are yeah, and they still and something about somebody being injured. Then the episode ends.