Okay, so the episode of Atlanta began with a scene with two men, two black men, in a car, and one of them angrily got out of the car, the one in the driver's seat, and was yelling at a guy who had just broken his car, the mirror. He had just kicked the mirror off, and he was yelling, "You need to give me money so I can fix this. You need to pay for this." And the guy who had broken his mirror was also black and was with a woman who was black too, and he was trying to impress her. They look like they were some sort of couple or something, and he was being really nonchalant about it and wasn't even gonna turn around. But then the guy chased after him, whose car it was, and he went after him and was yelling at him, telling him that he needed to give him money to fix his car. And the other guy was in the car with the guy whose car it was at the time came out and was like, "Dude, let it go. It's not worth it." And then the guy who broke the car was like, "Yeah, it's not worth it." And the guy whose car it was pulled out a gun and put it at the chest of the other guy. And this might've been before the gun was pulled, but the other guy was like, "Oh my gosh, you're this rapper," to the guy whose car it was. And him and the girl he was with were making fun of the rapper and saying that his music wasn't good, and that probably ignited him, which caused the rapper to pull out his gun. And the guy who was with the rapper, his name is Earn, but we figure that out later, was like, "Dude, don't do it. It's not worth it." And then the guy who broke the car was like, "Do it. I dare you. Won't." And then you hear the gunshot go off, but you don't actually see anything. And then it pans to— it goes black, then it pans over a city. You see some green patches, and then you see different communities in different neighborhoods, and all the while there's music playing. And then it pans to the word Atlanta, which is the name of the show, so that's the— the theme, the theme song. And then the first scene after the theme song starts with Earn. He is in bed with headphones on listening to music, and you just see him, but then you see it zooms out a little bit, and you see that he's in bed with a woman, and she is asleep. But then she starts to move around and feel his headphones on him, pulls them off a little bit, hears the music, and is like, "Why are you awake?" And then they start talking 'cause she's awake, and then he leans over to kiss her, and they're kissing, and he gets on top of her, and then he starts kissing her neck. And she says, "Tell me you love me." And he says— and he laughs a little bit and keeps kissing. And then she leans back and pulls away from him and goes, "Why did you laugh? Why didn't you just say I love you?" And then he's a little taken aback and doesn't know why she feels so strongly about this. And then he responds, "I love you." And then she gets mad and pushes him off him, pushes him off her. And oh, before that, before they start kissing, he tried to kiss her, and she said, "No, I have really bad morning breath." And he smelled her breath and was like, "That's so good. What is that?" And then he kept trying to kiss her, and she kept pulling away until she finally gave in. And then he got on top of her. But anyway, after he said "I love you" halfheartedly, she pushes him off and goes into the bathroom, and he sits up in bed. And then she's like, "Remember that you have— then said the name of the daughter, but I forget what the daughter's name is— you have her tonight." And he was like, "Oh yeah." And the girl was like, "Yeah, parent-teacher conferences or something." And he was like, "Well, how long is that gonna take?" And then at this point, he's walking over towards his daughter in the crib, and she goes like, "It should end by nine or something, but I have a date." Or maybe he asks, "Eleven? Isn't that pretty late for parent-teacher conferences?" And she said, "I have a date." And then he gets visibly sad, and he picks up his daughter and is like, "You're so cute." And he's kissing his daughter, and the mom leaves the bathroom, and he picks up his daughter and puts her high in the air and goes, "Yeah, this is a good situation for you to be in," or "This is a good place for you to live." And then kisses her. And then the next scene is Earn. I believe it's when Earn goes to see his cousin— oh no, no, no. The next scene is Earn at work. So Earn is standing in what looks like an airport with another guy who's dressed similar to him, and they're both trying together to sell credit cards or something, and they're not doing very well. And then across the hall of the airport, there is an older woman, and she's doing the same job as them, but she's doing it much better. And she's like flirting with the younger customers, and she has a grandma vibe, which they said contributed to the fact that she's doing better than they are. And he tries to go up to one man and is like, "Excuse me, sir, would you like to—" and then the guy shoves him off and goes, "Fuck off," and walks away. And he's discouraged by that, and he looks over at the woman, and the woman is signing up a young man onto a credit card. And the man asks, "Can I get a free vacation out of this or something?" And she goes, "Yeah, of course you can. And even more, I'll pay for your ticket if you keep flirting with me or something." And then she pretends to— she air humps him while he's signing for the credit card. He doesn't see it, but the other two salespeople across the airport see it, and they're not amused 'cause they want to be selling credit cards too. And then the other guy that Earn is selling the credit cards with is like, "Have you heard this new song?" And Earn was like, "No, I haven't had time." And he pulls it up. He pulls up a music video of it, and it's the guy from the first scene, the rapper, and his name is Big Money or something. It has to do with money, I don't remember. And he— or maybe Money Boy, Cash Boy, something. And he so he shows the music video, and he's watching, and it's this rapper guy who's rapping, and there are a bunch of girls around him dancing, and they're scantily clad and wearing not a lot of clothing and dancing sexy. And Earn says, "Oh, that's my cousin." The guy goes, "Oh, that girl's your cousin? She is thick." And he was like, "No, not her. The rapper. He's my cousin." And the guy goes, "You should get on that. He's gonna make it big or something." And then the next scene is Earn going to his cousin's house. So he knocks on the door, and he walks in, and there is a guy, a sidekick for his rapper cousin, who's waiting by the door with a knife. And he walks in. He's like, "Oh, before that, when Earn knocks on the door, his cousin comes out with a gun, pointed at him, and he's like, 'Dude, it's just me.'" And then he goes in, and the guy, his sidekick, has a knife, and he's like, "You don't need to use that. He's my cousin." The guy's like, "Okay." And Earn's like, "What the fuck?" And then the guy with the knife offers Earn a cookie, a chocolate chip cookie, and he takes it. Then he sits on the couch. The rapper's also on a couch, and they're talking about his music and his career. And Earn is like, "I wanna be your manager." And he was like, "No, you're not gonna be my manager. I'm not gonna make you my manager." And he was like, "Oh, okay." And he was like, "Oh, we're late for something." And then you see them outside on a couch. It looks like in a backyard or something, a random couch in the middle of the lawn, and they're all— and the rapper's smoking, and he passes it around, but Earn doesn't take a hit. And they're still talking about how Earn wants to be his manager, and he's like, "No, you're not gonna be my manager." And then the next scene, I don't know if I'm getting the order of this right, but the next another scene is Earn going to his parents' house. And he knocks on the door, and he opens it, and his dad goes, "Hi." And he goes, "Hi." And the mom is in the room, but the dad doesn't open the door for his son, and Earn goes, "So, are you gonna let me in?" And he was like, "No, I don't have that much money or I can'r afford that." And he was like, "You think I'm gonna ask for money?" And the mom's like, "You always do." And then they start talking about something about Earn taking a shit in their house, and the mom dissected it and found all of the crappy junk food that Earn had been eating, and she was commenting on that. And he was grossed out by that. And then they were talking about how his ex-wife, person, girlfriend, I don't know what she is, it wasn't ever clarified, he told his mom that she had a date that night. And his— her— his mom said, "Oh, good for her." And she— he was like, "Mom, I'm your son." And then I don't remember anything else in that conversation. So then the next scene, Earn went to a radio station and saw his friend in the parking lot of the radio station. And his friend looked like an intern. He had a little key chain thing around his neck, a lanyard. And he went over to him and was like, "Hey—" and he was like, "Earn, I haven't seen you in a really long time. What are you up to?" And he was like, "Oh, I live around here." He was like, "Oh, really, dude? I would've totally invited you to the party last night." And then started telling about the party, and he said that there was a DJ there who was really bad, and then he played two Flo Rida songs in a row. And the friend of Earn was like, "Yeah, so I had to go up to him, and I said—" and he said the n-word, "You need to play better music or something." And Earn was obviously taken aback that he said the n-word, and the guy didn't seem to think that it was a big deal. And then he was like, "Good story." Then he was like, "Would you be able to have some influence and play one of my songs or one of my friends' songs?" And the guy working at the station was like, "Oh, no, I don't decide who plays the sons, but if you give me a thousand dollars, then I can give it to my boss." And he was like, "A thousand dollars? What?" And he was like, "Sorry, I don't make the rules." And then he walked into the radio station, leaving Earn in the parking lot. And then as he walked— as the guy walked into the radio station, a janitor was walking by who's also black, and Earn went up to him and was like, "Have you heard that guy saying the n-word ever?" And the janitor was like, "Oh, no, if he did, I'd smash him in the face." And he was like, "Oh, okay." And then the two men bonded over that, and Earn was like, "What are your hours? Can you get me in there?" And then the guy smiled. And then the next scene, Earn was getting money, a thousand dollars or something, out of a shoebox, it looked like, and then also got a cassette tape and put it under the main DJ guy's door. I don't know if he actually put the money in, I don't know why he would, but maybe he did. And he put it under the DJ's door so that he would play it. And then the next scene is the rapper, and he went to Earn's parents' house to ask what Earn's parents— what they thought about Earn being his manager. And while they're talking, Earn's dad was like, "If he puts his mind to something, he'll— he does it." And then they start talking about Princeton. I didn't really catch exactly what happened, but it sounded like Earn went to Princeton for a couple semesters or years maybe, but then dropped out before he could finish it, and they didn't know why. And so that was part of the mystery of the family, I guess. And then so Earn's dad was like saying that he was shithead and was like, "But then kind of vouched for him at the end." And then in the next scene, Earn is writing on a bus with his daughter, and she has headphones on, and he has headphones on, and her headphones have a little pink tiara extending up above her head, which makes her look like a princess, which is really cute. And he's holding her in his arms. And then there's a guy across the bus who is sitting there, and they start talking, and then he comes over and sits next to Earn and his daughter, and they're talking. And Earn is like, "I feel like I'm always losing. Maybe people are supposed to be losers so that the winners can win," and things like that. And all the while, the guy is making a Nutella sandwich. And then the guy gives some advice, I forget what the advice was. And then Earn hears sirens off in the distance, and he looks the other way, and then the bus stops, and the guy is gone when Earn looks back, and there's just Nutella sitting on the bus seat where he was. And then Earn sees him walking off the bus, and as he walks away, the dog that was in the front scene— I didn't mention the dog, I forgot about him until now, but there was a dog in the first scene of the shooting— and Earn sees him walking off into the woods with this dog, which is super ominous and weird. And then Earn gets a call, and it's his cousin who's very happy because his song is being played on the radio thanks to Earn, supposedly. And he— he's like, "Come meet me right now." He's in this— his car in a parking lot, and so Earn goes to meet him. And then Earn goes into the car and sits down with him, and he's the rapper's really excited. And then the rapper's smoking a joint, and Earn takes a hit of it. And then out of the gas station that the men are parked in, in the parking lot, in comes his— Earn's friend or maybe acquaintance, I don't know if he's actually a friend, who works at the station, the radio station, comes out. And Earn tells him to tell the rapper about the story about the party, and he tells the whole story except he leaves out the part where he said the n-word. And Earn is just smiling at him and is like, "Yeah, that's right." And then he's like, "Alright, bye," and he leaves. And then it's just Earn and the rapper in the car. And then a guy comes and kicks the mirror, and that's when you realize that the scene in the very beginning is then the scene at the end. And then Earn and— in the conversation before the guy kicks the mirror, Earn, the rapper says that Earn can be his manager, but yeah. And then the whole shooting happens. And then the last scene is the woman in the bed with Earn comes home. She takes off her heels, it looks like she had just come back from her date, so she takes off her heels. She sits down on the couch, she walks into the kitchen, and the TV is on. And then she hears that there's been a shooting and that two people had been arrested, and it's the rapper and Earn. And she looks at the TV and is like, "Oh my god, that's Earn." And she says something like, "Idiots." And that's the end of the episode.