So the episode started out with a conflict. There was a man who broke off the rapper's car, side window—no, not window, mirror. And the main character was named Earn, and he was kind of trying to quell the dispute unsuccessfully. He, he kept looking over at a dog; I still don't know why. And then the rapper pulled out a gun and, presumably, shot the guy that he had the conflict with. They were at some kind of, they were in a parking lot, kind of in a dark—no, not gas station, but some kind of store. And then it switched over to Earn and his ex-girlfriend, ex-wife, something like that, waking up in the same bed together. And Earn had had a strange dream that he was recounting to his ex, who was lying next to him. And that included some girl that he kissed in his dream. And the ex got jealous and then asked him to tell her that he loved her. And at first he was kind of, he didn't do what she wanted him to do; he kind of just brushed it off. And then he got upset, and then she gets out of bed to fix her hair in the bathroom. And he goes over and starts playing with their daughter, and she reminds him that it's his night to take care of her. She had forgotten about, and she tells him that she has a date, which is when I realize that they weren't actually together still. Apparently, I don't really know, but even though they were kissing in bed. And then I think next he goes to work. He either goes to work or visits his family; I think he goes to work. And he's there with his coworker who's friends with, and they start talking about this new rapper—still can't remember his name. But the coworker shows Earn his, the rapper's music video. And that's when Earn realizes, even though he had heard the song before, he realizes that the rapper's his cousin. And he is also talking about how he doesn't have any money, I think. And he looks over at his other coworker who's kind of in competition with, and she is doing a better job than he is. So it just becomes clear that he doesn't have a lot of money, I think. So he goes to his parents' house, and he asks them for money. But his father doesn't even let him into the house because this is a typical occurrence where, you know, he just comes to them and asks for money, and his father doesn't want to give him money. And his mother's there, and he tells them that his ex has a date. And his mother's like, "Good for her," I think. Then he goes to visit his cousin. And at first he knocks on his door, and the cousin has a gun but then lets him in. And they're just kind of talking, and Earn brings up—or the rapper just assumes that he's there because he wants to basically profit from his early success. And Earn is trying to convince to let him be his manager, and he mentions that he has some connections and he would do a good job. And then it's four thirty PM, and they make a remark about being late> And they go into the middle of a field on a couch and start smoking. And I think Earn is still just kind of trying to convince him that he would be a good manager. And then Earn goes to see his, his friend who works at radio station, who he doesn't actually like at all, but is basically asking him for a favor. And the guy tells him that he might be able to help him if he can pay—I think it's five hundred dollars. And Earn at first tells him that he doesn't have that kind of money. But then once the friend leaves and goes into his, goes into the building, he talks to this janitor that's working outside and asks him if he can help get him, get him in the building later at night. And so Earn returns with money and a CD with the rapper's songs and slips it under the door of the guy who's hosting the radio show. And so he gets his, the rapper's song playing on the radio. And then he's on a bus ride or—okay, the rapper goes to Earn's parents' house, so his uncle and aunt's house, and tells them that Earn wants to become his manager but he doesn't trust him, I think. And the dad is responsive and understanding about that. And also Earn's daughter's there, so I think Earn's mother was taking care of her for the day. And then Earn is on the bus ride home with his daughter, and there's a strange man spreading Nutella on two pieces of bread. And I don't remember anything about their conversation, but he's, I think he's a figment of Earn's imagination. And then he runs off from the bus with a dog. And while this is happening, the rapper's song is playing on the radio. And it kind of, he ends up—so the rapper calls Earn and tells him to come over because he hears the song on the radio. And so they're hanging out in the car together, and it's basically assumed that Earn is now his manager. And he's also called the friend from the radio show to see them, so the friend comes over and is talking for a few minutes or something. And that's when the guy—so that's when the rapper makes a kind of rude comment to a woman who's walking by. And then a few seconds later, I guess the woman's boyfriend or friend kicks off his side mirror. And so that's when, that conflict from the very beginning of the episode happens. And then Earn's ex comes home from her date. And Earn's mom is there taking care of their daughter, and she heads out, mentions how they don't have any wine left, I think. And then on the TV is this news announcement that Earn and the rapper had been arrested. So the girlfriend sees that and says something about him being dumb, I think. And that's where the episode ends. Yeah, I think that's everything I remember.