Okay so the episode started and then there were two men, African American men, in a car and it was an older modeled car and they step out and chase after another guy who you later find out angrily broke one of his rear view mirrors and so they step out and chase after the other guy obviously mad and yelling that or well, one of the men, whose rapper name is paper boy, is yelling that he wants money to fix is rear view mirror and so the situation escalates because the person who broke the rear view mirror refuses to give them money. So the offender and his girlfriend were taking steps at them as well as by saying, well the girl mentioned that the car belonged to paper boy, and her friend said that paper boy's mixtapes weren't even that good. And so paper boy got offended and grabbed his gun. And so he pointed it towards the guy who broke his mirror and the guy beside paper boy's friend earnest tried to stop him by saying it could ruin his career. But he continued to hold a gun against his chest and then it kind of zooms out a little bit and you just see a flash and you hear a gunshot sound. Oh also, the entire time, oh they were in front of a some sort of night club and it was before ten forty-five. Paper boy was wearing a black shirt and a gold chain, and earnest was wearing like a red shirt with blue sleeves, and then the girl was wearing a blue tank top and she was, they were all quite dressed up. After that the show like pans over a kind of like suburban area and the word Atlanta pop up, that's probably the name of the show. And so it switches to another scene where earnest is lying in bed with his wife or his significant other. They had just woken up in the morning and earnest was shirtless and his wife has some kind of like wrap on her head so to like style her hair. And earnest wakes up and or he's in bed listening to his music and he takes his headset off and they have banter in the morning as earnest recalls his dream, which is that he was being like he was in the ocean and there was like some seaweed trying to grab him but the seaweed was like hands. And so he was telling his wife this and she was being like highly uninterested until earnest mentioned there was a girl, and she asked like what the girl looked like and he said that she was quite large and then his wife automatically assumed that earnest and the girl in his dream were making out, well, in his dream, and earnest agreed, which was quite odd because you assume that they were in a relationship. And earnest climbs on top of her and they're kissing when she asks him to say that he loves her, and he just laughs so she asks why he laughs and he just gets like kinda confused so she's just like oh why not tell me that you love me and he he says well of course I do like I always say of course, like I love you. And after that she's kinda, they both just get out of bed, and earnest goes to pick up their baby named Lottie. And he's playing with her and while he's doing this, his wife is getting ready to go to work and she seems to be a teacher because she's talking about parent teacher conferences going late that day. So she asks if earnest can watch Lottie, well first pick her, then watch her. And she warns him not to give her to his parents again because they always end up watching her. And then after that, it switches to the scene where Earnest is working his job as a someone who sells like a rewards credit card kind of thing at the airport, or what's assumed to be at an airport. And he's standing up, he's in a suit standing next to someone else in a suit whose name is Swiff and they're both not doing very well, which is bad cause they only get paid five fifteen an hour plus commission. And they're like standing across from another woman whose selling I think the same card. And she's doing a much better job because she's like an older woman and she's able to flirt with the younger guys more easily. And so there's a lot more people signing up at her table. And they're watching her and while a boy is like signing up to receive more information, she's making like a vulgar gesture to kind of like mock earnest and his friend. After that Swiff is like talking about this new music video that like or this new mixtape that is taking the world by storm apparently. And so he pulls up this video and he's just like oh check out, check out this person and earnest realizes that it's his cousin Albert. So earnest decides to leave and he's like okay, he's gonna call up, or he's gonna find Albert and ask to be his manager. So he goes to his parents' house to try to get information about where Albert is. And so when he rings the doorbell, his dad answers the door and he says that his son can't come in because he won't be able to afford it, meaning that like earnest always asks for money when he comes over. And then his mother is in the background with the baby because she had to pick her up and they get into a discussion about how earnest like stopped by to use the bathroom the other day and his mom inspected his poop and it was full of like very unnutritious food like candy and other junk food. And he's just like kinda uncomfortable in this conversation. So he is assumed to find out like where Albert lives so he goes and finds him and he rings the doorbell and Albert's in there with his friend Darius. Oh and before this, Darius was trying to find milk for his cookies, so he asked Albert if he could, or Albert or paper boy, if he could use the milk in the fridge. And paper boy asks like for what and Darius answers to drink. And paper boy says no like you can't drink that. So Darius goes back into the kitchen. The doorbell rings and paper boy answers the door and he still has a lock on it or he has a little chain lock on it so the door only opens a little bit. And so he like peeks out and he's like holding a gun. And he sees his cousin earnest standing there. And so he just kinda stares at him for a little bit and then lets him in. And he comes inside and around the corner you can see that Darius has his mouth covered and he's holding a knife and a plate of cookies. And because they thought it'd be an immediate threat. And paper boy explains that it's just his cousin he doesn't have to worry about it. So Darius, Darius like puts down the knife and offers earnest the plate of cookies, which is a kind of funny scene cause he's going from like violent to like super like almost hospitable in a matter of seconds. And so they all go, or earnest grabs a cookie and they all go sit down on the couch. And earnest explains his idea of wanting to be Darius's manager. And Darius already assumes that like earnest is trying to take advantage of him and take his money cause he's like the only one who's like gonna make it, or he has the change of like breaking out of like the kind of family background. And oh, paper boy's like very suspicious of his offer. And so the scene changes and the three of them are outside, just like sitting in the grass and earnest is explaining how this can like provide a better life for all their children. And paper boy explains that like Darius can't have children and earnest is like um like I feel like I'll know why when the time comes. But Darius just immediately tells him that like his balls got smashed and he can't have children. And so in the end, paper boy mostly just like rejects his offer. He doesn't really trust earnest and like they also have this small discussion on the fact that like earnest went to Princeton but like he never completed for some reason and no one knows why. And you could tell that earnest was pretty intelligent because paper boy, while they were still in the house, asked earnest like do you know what manager means like where it comes from. And earnest explained that it came from the latin manus that meant hand. And so overall he just kinda like denied his offer, and so earnest goes to this like radio station place where they like play songs. And he's hoping to get paper boy's song paper boy to play on this station. So he runs into his friend who works there and he asks if he can like put in a word for a certain song or like introduce him to one of the higher ups so he can like possibly get his song in there. And his friend explains that he can't and he's gonna need like five hundred dollars even as like an incentive to get in there. And he's probably gonna need more money on top of that. Oh, and before this, his friend tells him this story about how like he was at a Flo Rida concert, or not a Flo Rida concert, he was at a DJ playing a set or something the radio was hosting and in his opinion the DJ wasn't very good cause he kept playing Flo rida over and over again. And so after the show, he went up to the DJ and he goes really and then he said the n-word, which is pretty offensive coming from someone who's just white. And so his friend also refers to earnest in the same manner, using that word. And earnest hadn't really noticed how much it like bothered him until he noticed that like when his friend was walking off and he ran into another group of african american people, he only referred to them as dude or man, rather than in that manner. And so earnest like goes up to a garbage man who's like named prince, who's pushing a large garbage cart kind of thing. And he goes he points at his friend and he's like has that guy ever referred to you using the n-word. And prince goes no, saying that like he'd like beat him like up if he did. So earnest kinda realized there was like that his friend thought he could refer to him like that cause they were close, and like it wasn't like offensive and more like camaraderie like. But earnest continues to like talk to this, talk to prince. And he eventually uses prince as a way in, which you later find out because he's seen holding like the cd with paper boy's song on it and five hundred dollars that he got from this shoebox that he hid under his bed that he kept like a pretty nice pair of nikes in. And so he put the money inside of the little CD case with the CD and he walked into the building and his friend's there. It's unclear if he's like saying something into the mic or like singing something into a mic, but he's obviously busy and he just sees earnest walk by him and slide the CD with the money under the door into the office with KP KSP I wanna say is a person who's like very large in the radio company, or the owner of the radio company. And his friend is like making gestures that's like very violent, like what're you doing. And then earnest is later seen on the bus and he's holding his daughter and she's fallen asleep with I think headphones on with a crown on top. And he's also wearing headphones but they're around his neck. And there's this mysterious man who's like across from them and beside them. And he's like putting peanut butter or he's putting Nutella on a sandwich. And he's like they're talking about like, the man asks earnest like oh like you seem like you're thinking about a lot of stuff. And earnest replies like yeah but like his life's been kinda difficult, basically. And the man like mysteriously like aggressively tries to make earnest like eat this Nutella sandwich kinda thing. Earnest keeps refusing. And so police cars drive by, the bus stops and this man kinda disappears. And he's seen like walking into the forest with his dog, which is kinda weird. And afterwards, earnest takes like the headphones off his daughter who's asleep. And he looks at his phone and you can see that he's got like an angry text from his wife, saying that like his daughter's gonna be like cranky cause she hasn't gotten enough sleep. And he's like about to text her and say that he's gonna be home late when he gets a call from Albert. So Albert ended up going to earnest's dad's earnest's parents' house. And so he pulls up in his car and earnest, and Darius is next to him. And so earnest's dad comes out of the house. And Darius like greets him greets him cause they're like family. And earnest's mom is still in side, or she's just busy at that point. And oh no, she's like holding the baby, because Albert or paper boy wants to hold the baby but she denies him. And so Albert basically just wanted to know first of all why earnest like didn't end up finishing his education at Princeton, but also like if he was good enough to be his, if earnest was good enough to be his manager. And his dad basically says that like if he puts his mind to something, he'll do it. But like his dad also understood why Albert was so skeptical of hiring his son. And so this kind of prompts Albert. Oh also Darius asks to measure earnest's dad's tree and his dad says no, not really, or not right now. And Darius is very disappointed because that basically means no. And so time skips to when Albert is calling Albert, or Albert is calling earnest. And so they decide to meet up, and this is the scene where they're in the car. And first, earnest's friend from the radio station comes up to them and so he like asks how like earnest got inside. And he says like oh, I have connections. And he meant prince. But also earnest asks his friend to tell the story of the Flo rida concert again. So he tells it basically the exact same way, but at the end he didn't use the n-word cause he's scared of like the other people in the car being offended. And I think that kinda like gave his friend the message of like that it's not okay to say. And then after that his friend leaves and you can just see someone like kick the rear view mirror and like break it off, and like so that's a scene where it reverts back to the scene at the beginning of the show where they're like chasing after this guy and like confronting him very angry. And so that scene cuts off and his wife has just like walked into their home, or girlfriend. And she and earnest's mom is like walking out, saying like Lottie's asleep, some other stuff. And so his significant other turns and looks at the TV. And she had just gotten back from a date, which was kinda confusing because they obviously seem to be in a relationship, and when she told Earnest about this earlier, he just like bounced his like baby in his hands and he's just like oh she's going on a date with like a lousy man like it wasn't a big deal. But she turns to the TV and she's all dressed up, like she's in a cute romper and she's in heels and she's taking them off. And she's looking at the tv and there's like a news report about the shooting that had just gone down, where like one person's injured and there's like two suspects. And the put pictures of paper boy and earnest's graduation picture up. And then she just basically like calls him an idiot and then the episode cuts off.