So the episode started when the main character—I believe his name is Ernie—was having a dream of what the whole entire episode eventually came to be. And so, basically, I'll explain what his dream was at the end because that's what it turned out to be. But when he woke up from his dream, he was in bed with his wife. And towards the end, we got to know that they are actually not together, but they do have a daughter together. And Ernie also works at an airport. And he basically sells vacations as a travel agent, I believe. And nonetheless, he is also broke, technically homeless, and his parents don't want to see him. He actually—at one point in the episode, he did go to see them. They didn't let him come inside. But since he had a daughter that night, he got his parents to take care of the daughter for him. Moving on, there is a rapper, his name is Paper Boy. He's actually Alfred Miles, and it turns out that he is Ernie's cousin. And towards the beginning slash the middle of the episode, Ernie actually goes to see Alfred in his house. And he explains to Alfred that he wants to be his manager. Alfred was accompanied by another man, kind of his sidekick, although I don't know his name. But basically, Alfred does not want Ernie—or he's resistant to having Ernie be his manager. Basically, Ernie only said to him, "Let's get rich," after Alfred's mom died. And also, Alfred doesn't think that Ernie is much of a man, and to him that's what is needed as a characteristic to be able to handle this very aggressive business of rapping in the music industry. But so, towards the middle, Ernie has—takes a trip to this record studio. And before then, he meets this Caucasian man, and that's kind of Ernie's friend. And so, what he is trying to do is have his friend play the CD, or Paper Boy's single, so that he can kind of show to Alfred—Paper Boy a.k.a.—that he has connections, and to kind of prove that he can become the manager. And—oh, okay, so I don't know his name, but the Caucasian dude isn't very open to having—isn't very open to playing Paper Boy's song. And so Ernie is left to do things for himself. And so, he sees a janitor in the parking lot in front of the record studio. And they're both African American, and so they kind of clicked. And Ernie was able to get him to get into the studio. And so he, Ernie, takes five hundred dollars of his own savings, I assume, and slides it under Kyle P's door, and maybe that's a music director or something. And so, eventually, the—that night they play Paper Boy's song. And anyways, so before—after that, kind of towards the middle ending, Paper Boy did go to Ernie's parents' house because they are related. And he explains—he's kind of inquiring about Ernie's capabilities. And his dad, nonetheless, kind of implicates that Ernie is kind of lazy, but when he wants something, he puts his mind to it; he's very ambitious. And so Alfred, Paper Boy, leaves the situation with that kind of in mind. And so he did hear the fact that Paper Boy was able to get his song on the radio, and so he calls Ernie. And at that time, Ernie's actually on the bus, and he's holding his daughter. And it kind of just shows that Ernie is in a very tense situation. He's trying to provide for his daughter; he has to give rent because his baby mama told him that morning that he needs to contribute to rent. Alfred's not really making money with the travel commission. And kind of digressing back in the beginning of the episode, we did get to see a situation where he was with another one of his colleagues, and they were both unsuccessful at selling this stuff. And a woman in the same travel agency was kind of successful. And Ernie's reasoning for that was because she was female. Anyway, so one of his colleagues played that song, Paper Boy. And that was what clicked in Ernie's head, 'cause Ernie—at that point, the audience knew that Ernie said, "Paper Boy, that's my cousin." So I think that is what clicked it to him. And that was—he's like, "Okay, I can pursue this endeavor. I'm gonna go to him and try to become his manager, ideally." And so that was kind of the reasoning for that. But going back to the situation, so when Alfred had called Ernie, he was on the bus. And he was actually kind of daydreaming; he was in a daze. He was seeing this man sitting on the bus made a Nutella sandwich. And Ernie was kind of just pessimistic, kind of sad, asking, is he just meant to lose in life? Are all winner—are people like him just buffer for—or balance to all the people that are winning in life? And I'm not quite sure what his imaginary friend, who made the sandwich, was saying. But he was basically like—I think he kinda gave him a boost of support to go ahead and conquer what he wants to do. And so his imaginary friend disappeared. And he disappeared with his dog that—who's also present in his dream in the beginning of the episode. And so I believe that that dog has to do something with kind of a connection telling Ernie to keep going. 'Cause I believe the imaginary friend is kind of his unconscious mind just projecting into a real-life setting. And so anyways, when Ernie gets back to see Alfred, 'cause Ernie goes drops his daughter off, I presume, with his mom. And so the mom is watching the daughter. And so Ernie goes to the see Alfred in front of a gas station. And Alfred is smoking with one of his—the sidekick that was present there earlier that day. And at that time, the music—the song Paper Boy is playing on the radio, and they're all they're smoking. And Alfred—Ernie actually gets into the car, and he's smiling. Alfred offers him a blunt, and he smokes it. And they're just sitting there kinda relaxing. Yeah, I think they are on the track to becoming partners and—or working together with their musical endeavors. And Alfred—and Ernie is actually—Ernie says, "Oh, this is actually a really good song." Alfred says he actually doesn't like it. And then a little bit—the same Caucasian male that was—that Ernie saw in front of the record studio comes out of the gas station. And he explains to them that, "Oh, Kyle P—" who I think is the director "—was not very happy with the—that just anybody got into the recording studio." And Ernie says, "Well, the song is playing, isn't it? So he can't be that mad." And the white guy says, "How'd you even get in?" And then Ernie says, "Well, you gotta have connections." And the fact that Ernie took five hundred dollars from his savings to, you know, take a risk and put the CD under Kyle's door kinda shows he's really interested in this. And anyways, he tells the white guy to tell Alfred and his sidekick that presumably funny story, which is actually racist because Kyle says "nigga" in the—within that story. And it's funny because, when he had recounted that story to Ernie in front of the record studio, he used the word. And when they he was in front of all three of them, in front of the gas station, he didn't, because he was scared what obviously was a dangerous situation, because black male would not withstand someone calling him that word. And anyways, so after that—I'm trying to think. So after he kinda tells the story, they didn't think it was funny. And—hold on, I'm thinking—anyway, so the white guy goes back into the gas station, and they're just—and the three of them are just chilling in the car, Alfred, Ernie, and sidekick. And some girl walks by, and Alfred tries to hit on her. And she rejects him, and he says some mean words back at her. And then, out of nowhere, a random dude comes and crashes—hits and actually breaks Alfred's mirror window on his car, on his left side—his driver seat window, the one to change lanes. And Alfred's pissed. He gets up, and he tries to take his gun, but Ernie stops him. He said, "No, you can't play with the money." And Ernie's kind of the smarter one. So then Alfred gets out of the car without the gun because Ernie stopped him, and he goes after the guy. And basically, we learn that there was a gunshot. And I don't know who got shot, but I know that we—Alfred and Ernie's pictures were on the TV screen. And Ernie's baby mama actually saw him, you know, she says, "What an idiot." But it was the two of them that were involved in an altercation in a gun shot scene in DeKalb County, I don't remember. But yeah, so that's what happened, I believe Alfred was injured, I don't know about Ernie, but I think he was a suspect, so he was in custody, and yeah, that's about it, yeah.