So there's two main characters, Earnest, who goes by Earn, and Alfred. It starts off with an altercation about going in a night club, and I think something to do with money. Then they're looking at a dog, and there's kind of a weird atmosphere. And then the character Alfred shoots one of the other people that they were fighting against. Then it cuts to a scene, presumably previously, of Earnest waking up next to a woman. I'm not sure if that's his wife, or his ex-wife, or someone he has been dating. And he mentions that he had a dream about swimming over a swimming pool and hands pulling him down, and he escapes the hands. And he was swimming with a fat woman, who told him—who was trying to help him. And he made out with her. When he wakes up, he starts playing music. And then the woman he's with asks him—she asks him, you know, "What was his dream about?" And then asks him a few questions about the dream. Then they start making out. She asks if he loves her. He laughs, and she gets mad. And she goes to the other room, in the bathroom. Then he goes and he picks up a baby. Maybe it's his daughter, maybe it's the woman he's with child. Then the woman he's with mentions that she's going on a date, and asks if he can watch the daughter for the day, and he says yes. Then the next scene—let's see, the next scene, he—alright, the next scene I remember, he's at the airport, working. And he's relatively unsuccessful at getting customers to participate in whatever he's trying to get them to. And he is watching a woman across from him, who's getting a customer to sign up for whatever program they're trying to sell by flirting with him. And she's showing off that she's much more successful than them. And then he—what does he do—he gets shown a video by the coworker who's also not having much success, that shows his cousin with, I think, with a rapper name Paper Boy, you know, performing in a popular music video. After that, he goes to his parents' house. His parents don't let him in the house, or are mad because he brings the daughter I was talking about earlier to the house a lot. And they don't like that he asks for money a lot, so they don't want him around. Then they—he asks for the location of his cousin. They tell him where his cousin is, and they close the door on him and tell him to leave. And then the next scene, he shows up at his cousin's house. His cousin's name is Alfred. His cousin opens the door with a gun, and then eventually lets him in. His cousin's with someone else who might be someone who's helping him manage his brand, or might just be a friend. And Earn then—so also, when he walks in, Alfred's friend is standing with a knife and cookies, and says to Earnest—and then looks at Earnest to see if he's a threat. And then gives him a cookie when he realizes that he's not. Earnest then spends the day—or spends a bit of time with his cousin. They go outside and they are smoking weed, but Earnest decides not to because he is trying to, basically, work as the manager for for his cousin. And after a while, he follows him, and he keeps asking to be the manager. And his cousin basically says, "You're just asking for money 'cause you're homeless. Please leave." So Earnest is kinda stuck. Next scene, he is—he runs into someone I think he knows from the past, who tells a story about a DJ he was at the night before, playing Flo Rida twice. He then mentions how he called the DJ the n-word. And Earnest gets a little bit offended but doesn't show it. And he then tries to bribe this friend and asks if he can get played on the radio, for the friend works at the radio station. And he asks if he can get played. Earnest asks him if he can get played on the radio for, I think, five hundred dollars plus a little extra. And the friend basically says, "No." And then Earnest runs into a someone who's working as a janitor. He basically talks to the guy, you know, his name's Prince. He talks to the guy and he asks for a way to get let in. Basically, he talks to the guy, and at the end of the day, the guy lets him into the radio station. He has an envelope with a CD and some money to bribe to play on the radio, and he slides it. He walks right past the guy who'd blown him off earlier and been rude to him, and he slides it under the door of his manager, or someone else with access to the radio. It then switches scenes again, and I—the next I remember, he's on the—he's on a train going home, holding his daughter. He—someone sits next to him and starts rolling a joint of weed, and also makes a sandwich and holds it in front of him and tells him to eat it. He then gets off. The next thing that happens is he refuses to eat it. The guy basically tells him that he keeps losing. Earnest is having a breakdown because he feels like he keeps losing. The guy basically tells him he's gonna be a loser for the rest of his life, and he should just stop, or commit suicide, or something like that. The next thing that happens is a police car drives past. That police car—then the bus stops, and the guy next to Earnest gets off the bus, kinda disappears, walks into the forest with the dog. He has a full suit on, so it's a weird contrast walking into the forest like that. Earnest goes back on his phone. Then he goes to text the person who he presumably woke up with from earlier, the wife, or ex-wife, or ex-girlfriend, or girlfriend. He texts—he was texting her that he loves her and to make up. And then he gets a call from Alfred. And he—basically, Alfred's really high, and he's with the person he was with earlier as well. And he says that Paper Boy's playing on the radio, and he's very excited. He tells Earnest to come, and implies that he can—he's gonna get his—he's gonna be his manager and get paid more money. So Earnest—yeah, I think that's it for that scene. And it cuts scenes to Earnest being in the car. He smokes with Alfred and his friend while Paper Boy's playing on the radio. Then a man, the same man earlier that works for the television company, comes over. Earnest tells him to tell the story of the DJ from last night. The guy ends up playing—ends up telling the Flo Rida story, but doesn't mention the n-word, which shows that he wouldn't say it in front of more people besides Earnest, and that he was being rude to Earnest before. From there, Earnest—that guy leaves. They're a little bit disrespectful to him back. And then Paper Boy keeps playing on the radio. They tell—his cousin says that—the cousin hits on some woman walking down the street, yells at her. And then she says something mean to him. He says something mean back. Then the cousin says, "The song's not great," to Earnest. Then someone random comes by and kicks the window—the car window off of the car—the rear view mirror off the car. And then from there—what's his name—Earnest—Alfred gets really mad. And he's going to—he's threatening the guy who did that. Earnest tries to get him to stop. He—the guy reaches for something in the car, and Earnest tells him, "Don't reach for that." Then Alfred leaves the car, and Earnest grabs a gun and follows him. And then it cuts to the very ending where Earnest's parents are leave a house, and someone comes into the house. And they see a report, a news report on the TV, which says that two men, Alfred and Earnest—and they mention the name Paper Boy, his nickname—and the person they were with, have been arrested for the murder of someone else. That was the guy who presumably kicked the rear view mirror off the car. And then the woman says he's an idiot. And then some music plays about—the Paper Boy song plays, and that's the end.