So I think for the next episode it will continue off of the present time. I don't know if they'll do the whole time skip ting again cause I don't know if that's a normal thing for the TV show. But I'm sure it'll begin with earn and alfred in jail like them saying that they weren't the ones who shot them cause I'm not sure who was the injured one also. I'm sure if earn is in jail, his baby mama's gonna come visit him but because she's pissed at him she might not bail him out. And earn will be really mad at alfred. And I think this will put a kink in their relationship at the beginning but then they'll resolve it by the end cause I think some other stuff will happen. I don't think that what happened about Harvard or I'm sorry Princeton is gonna resolved so I still think we won't know what happened there. And I think a lot of this will be kind of kick starting the conflict or the plot of this. I think this might've been the first episode, I don't know. But basically I think they're gonna be in jail. I think they're gonna have some talking with the other people. There's gonna be a lot of like introspection of with earn being like what am I doing and there's gonna be a lot of like stuff with the baby mama and like earn's family being like basically done with him. But also at the same time like slightly being there for him. I think darius might make a reappearance I'm not quite sure. I think he's the one that actually got injured. I think by the end of this episode though that I think it was the other guy in the fight with them that actually shot them and he ended up wounding darius and I think the guy's gonna get caught and that the right guy's gonna be brought to jail and earn and paper boy are gonna be freed and they're gonna use the fact that they were on the news as kind of like an advertising scheme and be like look it's like free advertising or whatever and I think they're gonna be able to make a lot of money I guess and like form that manager artist bond and that like towards the end like most of it will get resolved. This is only a temporary conflict. Yeah I don't think earn is gonna sort of get back with his baby mama. I like I know he said he loved her but I think the face that he picked up Alfred's call and went to her or went to him instead of her is kind of like he doesn't prioritize her enough. But she knows that. So I don't think that they're gonna stay together. Really if anything they're gonna be farther apart and he's gonna have to once he resolves this whole thing with the paper boy thing and the shooting he's gonna be able to resolve that thing with his girl. There might be a touching moment about how his parents come and give him the stern lecture about how they're disappointed in him and then he decides to straighten his life out or something like that. Yeah. Oh earn also might get fired I guess from his current job cause he was on the news potentially for a shooting. Maybe if the baby mama's angry enough, she might try to like make him lose his child custody rights or something. On the other hand maybe it could be a completely different set of focused characters like we won't find out what happened to earn and alfred at all until the end of the episode or like the next episode not like this episode but after that like this could be focusing on the same information or like the same events in the same time period with like different characters to add more like dialogue and information to the story potentially. I think the guy in the tan suit might make a come back like in the jail cell with earn cause I think that it's like A he is both a real guy but he's also like a figment of earn's brain in a sense that like yeah I think the guy in the tan suit is like somewhat related to the thing with prince and I think earn like he's very intelligent but like something happened.