So the last episode began with a guy breaking off the side view mirror of a car that Paper Boy and— I forget the main character's name, which isn't good, but it starts with an E. I think maybe they were in— and Paper Boy gets really upset, and they go out and kind of confront him, and he's with a girl, and they have this whole argument, "You're gonna have to give me money for that," and the guy's like, "No," refuses. And then it somehow comes up that he is Paper Boy, and the guy obviously isn't a fan of his music because he starts insulting him. And there's a dog on the side of the parking lot which they're in, outside of a diner or something, or some strip mall, almost small strip mall. And there's three of them: it's Paper Boy, Darius, and then the main character— hopefully his name will come to me, but as of right now it's not. And they pull a gun, or Paper Boy pulls a gun on the guy who had broken his mirror, and the guy who got the gun pulled on kinda says to his girlfriend, "Step back a bit." And then it's revealed that the main character has a gun as well, and he is kinda, "Don't do it, Paper Boy, think about all the money." Oh no, sorry, that was in the— that was in the car before they actually towards the end of the episode, but anyway. Then it pans to a screen or a screen of them from above, an aerial shot, and you just hear a shot ring out, and that's kind of how the scene ends. And then you got aerial shots of all of Atlanta, kinda run down, playgrounds and basketball courts and houses, this one house is completely demolished. And then it's an aerial of the highway and Atlanta shows up. And then the first kind of real scene of the episode is main character's in bed, and there's the zoom in on his face, and all the sudden he's hit with a hand, so you know that he's not alone in the bed. And then it pans to his girlfriend, and he basically says that he had a dream the night before, and she was like, "What's it about?" And he was talking about mermaids, pulling— not mermaids, they's seaweed, and they were hands, and trying to pull him down into the depth. And there was this mermaid or this woman who was like, "No, don't let it touch you." And his girlfriend was like, "Was the woman pretty or—?" And he said, "No, she was fat," and she automatically assumed that he was kissing her, which he confirms. And somehow they get onto the topic that somehow they just start kissing each other, and he kinda rolls over to her, and she says, "Tell me you love me," and he says— he kinda starts laughing, and she's like, "Why do you start laughing every time I ask that?" And he kinda gets uncomfortable and defensive, and she just gets out of bed and goes into the bathroom and starts doing her hair. And then he walks into their daughter's room down the hall and picks up their daughter Lottie and just starts playing with her, and she says that she's gonna be late that night, that she'll be home around eleven, and he is like, "Why so late?" And she says, "I have a date," and he kinda gets not uncomfortable but isn't— is kinda taken aback by that. Then she runs out, and he— I remember he said to Lottie, it was, "Oh, this is new, this is a perfect environment for you to be raised in." Yeah. Then the next scene— oh, this was the weird one. They were at some type of public transport area, I think they're in an airport or a train station or something, and he's trying to sell this product with his friend, like I forget his friend's name, and they're talking about the whole situation, I think. And then there's just this other woman who I remember was selling the same thing across the hall, and she was obviously across the way, and she was obviously much better at it because she was getting a ton of people to kinda buy her product. This one disturbing thing is a guy came over and was signing stuff, and she got up behind him and started grinding on him when he wasn't aware, which was kind of disturbing. And it was kind of like their job will never be a successful, I guess, I don't know. So that's when I think he kinda realizes that he needs a new job. So then after that scene, he goes over to his parents' house, and he's kinda on their front stoop, and his dad opens the door. I think he's like, "How are you doing?" And he was like, "I'm good, can I come in?" And his dad's like, "Well, you're— I don't have any money to give you." And he's like, "I'm not here for money," but obviously he was. And they talk about how he was there the day before and used the bathroom without flushing, and he tried to deny it, and then his mom chimes in like, "No, it was you, I checked," and he was kinda like, "Yeah, there's no denying that." So he's not even allowed in at his parents' house because they don't wanna give him any more money. And then he asks where his cousin is, who's Paper Boy and Albert— maybe I think that might be his name. And they say that he is at the apartment. So he leaves, and he across the front lawn towards the street, and he gets to the apartment, and it starts with Paper Boy sitting on a couch playing video games, and his friend Darius is in the kitchen making cookies. I remember there's a knock at the door, and it is the main character, it starts with an E, gosh, what's his name. And Paper Boy's like, "Alright, come in," and he— he has a gun, and he opens the door just a crack with the safety bar, the safety chain, and sticks a gun through it right at his cousin, and he's like, "Oh, it's just me, let me in," and he does. And so they go up the stairs, and as they do that, Darius has a butcher's knife ready to attack him, and when he realizes that it's just the main character, he's like, "Oh, that's fine," and he offers him cookies, and they all have cookies, and they all go into the family room. And they talk about how he wants to be his manager. The main character's kinda like, "I really wanna represent you, manage your music," cause I guess he sees potential in him, and he's like, "No way." And they say something about manager and the Latin root of that, and the guy's like, "Oh, it means hand," and he's like, "No, I was thinking about man, you're not man enough to do it." And then he's like, "Oh crap, we're gonna be late for our very important meeting," and he was like, "What's that?" And he's like, "Oh crap, it's four thirty or something, we're gonna be late," and the main character's like, "What?" And then it pans to them in a field on a couch smoking weed, and that's where they discuss kind of their manager, the manager thing further. He totally doesn't like— Paper Boy is not buying into the fact that his cousin wants to be his manager. He doesn't trust— or well, you don't know that he doesn't trust him yet, but he just does not seem interested in the slightest. And they're all high. I actually don't know if the main character's high or not. But then they get up and they start walking. And then the next scene it's when the— or the main character drives to the radio station, in an attempt to kinda show his cousin how much he wants to be his manager. And he goes to see his friend who's this white guy who's kinda— he's trying really hard to it sounds like their friends, but he's trying really hard to use really casual lingo, and that's almost— it is offensive. And he tells him this story about about this at one of their parties, one of the guys in the radio was playing Flo Rida twice, and— and then he uses the N-word, and the main character's kinda taken aback by that. And— and then he talks more, and then he asks him some questions like, "How do I get songs on the radio?" And he says that basically it's a thousand dollars, I think, or half— I think it's five hundred dollars or thousand dollars to get a song on the radio. And he is kinda floored by that cause he doesn't have the money to do it obviously. But they're walking towards the building, and the guy has coffee for his office, and he's kinda just telling him what needs to be done. And there's this janitor that walks across, his name was Prince, I think, and the guy goes, and he's like, "I'll see you later," and he's like, "Alright." And then he asks the janitor like, "Does he ever use the— does that guy ever use the N-word around you?" And he was like, "No, I'd like shove my fist up his ass," or something, something like that. And he was like, "How late are you gonna be here tonight? Are you gonna be here at eleven?" And he was like, "Yeah." And so after that, it pans to the main character's parents' house where Paper Boy pulls up in a car with Darius. The grandfather's playing with Lottie in the front yard. Grandfather's name was Riley, I think, playing with Lottie in the front yard. And Paper Boy's like, "Oh, you'll never believe it, the main character E— I think E— wants to— I'm just gonna use that because I don't know his full name, Earn. Oh, it totally was Earnest or something. So Earn wants to be my manager." And the father's kind of like, "Alright." And in this scene it kinda pans between Earn and everyone else and— and the other scene at his father's house. And meanwhile Earn is trying to get— takes money out of a shoebox and brings it to music station and slides it under the producer's door so they'll play Paper Boy's song on the radio with the CD. And at the same time it kinda goes back and forth, and at his father's house his father was like, "Yeah," but the cousin is like, "Yeah, I don't trust him to be honest," and his father's like, "No, but when he puts his mind to something he'll do it." So Paper Boy doesn't know that he's gotten his song on the radio or that Earn's gotten his song on the radio. And then yes, and then after that, after that, after that, I think I think it jumps to Paper Boy or no— Paper Boy, Earn on the bus with his daughter, and they both have headphones on, and she's sleeping in his arms. And there's this weird guy kinda neck across the way from him in a light blue suit who's like saying all these weird things, I can't remember what they were exactly, but they were weird. And he was eating a— eating Nutella and putting it on bread and telling Earn to eat the sandwich, and he's like, "No." And then all of a sudden a siren passes, and then the guy's gone, and he's exiting the— the bus with the dog that you see in the front scene. And Earn takes his headphones off of his daughter and goes to text his girlfriend or not girlfriend, the mother of his child, and tells her that, "I love you, can we talk tonight when you get home?" And he's about to send it when he gets a call from Paper Boy who's like, "You gotta come over here, my song's on the radio." So he— so he gets rid of his kid that you eventually know that later that she was dropped off at her grandma came over to watch her at his house or where he was staying because he didn't— oh, in the beginning he was worried about paying rent too because his girlfriend asked for rent if he was gonna be staying there. And so he goes and drops her off at the parking lot which was the beginning of the first scene, and he gets in the car, and he gets— they're all smoking and takes a hit of the joint. And then the guy who got the— or who didn't get the song on the radio but was at the radio station walks by, and Earn kinda plays a trick on him and asked him to repeat the story that he told about Flo Rida playing twice and just to see if he'd use the N-word with other people, which he doesn't. And then Darius is like, "Oh, I love Flo Rida," so it kinda backfires on his face. And then he's like, "Alright, I'll see you guys later." And then they're listening to the song on the radio and everyone's really happy. And then— then I think Paper Boy tries to cat call a girl in the parking lot and it doesn't work, and then he gets really mad. He's like, "My music isn't even good anyway." He gets in a sour mood, and that's when the guy comes and breaks the side view mirror off. And he goes for the gun in the glove compartment, and Earn is like, "No, think about the money," and he's like, "Alright." And so he leaves the car, and Earn takes the gun instead, and they all get out, and they confront him, and— and they confront him, and you know that he ends up getting shot from the first scene. And then so it pans to Earn's girlfriend's house. The TV's on, she's wearing a red romper, and she just got back from her date, and she takes off her heels and goes in to the other room, and the TV's on, and it's breaking news, "Two suspects are wanted for the murder of so and so, Paper Boy and Earn, whatever his last name was." Yeah. And then that kinda gets the attention of the girlfriend, and she's like, "You idiot," and that's how the scene ends.