So the episode started with I guess a foreshadowing of what the end of the episode was gonna be, which was Earnest and Alfred and Darius in a car and somebody just kicks the side mirror off. Alfred jumps out and is like, "Hey, why'd you do that to my car?" and starts arguing with the guy who was with some girl as well. They're arguing over the car, and then the girl, the girl recognizes that Alfred is Paper Boy, a local rapper, and says that he has money so he can cover the cost of the broken mirror. Then the guy realizes it's Paper Boy as well and says that his song was trash. Then Alfred pulls out a gun and puts it to the guy's chest and is like, "You gonna pay for my car? You gonna pay for that?" In the background, somebody's yelling, "Worldstar! We're gonna put— we're definitely putting this on Worldstar!" And Alfred's like, "No, calm down, don't do it, it's not worth it." Finally, the guy keeps insulting Paper Boy, and then Alfred pulls a gun out, puts it to the guy's chest, and then Earn pulls his gun out as well. The other guy also has a gun in his pocket; he's like, "Alright, what we gonna do?" And then it zooms out and all you hear is a shot. Then it goes into the title sequence, which is just bird's eye views of Atlanta. Then after the title sequence, it cuts to Earn in bed with his girlfriend, or not girlfriend, but I guess his baby mama. They're— he's listening to music, and then she wakes up and asks him why he's awake. He tells her that he had a weird ass, weird dream about swimming, and he thinks it's an ocean but it's not an ocean, and he thinks he's swimming through seaweed but it's actually a bunch of hands. And there's some girl with him, swimming with him, and says not to let the hands grab you cause if they do they pull you down and drown you, so swim above the hands. So they're swimming above the hands. Then Earn's girlfriend asks, "What'd the girl look like?" Earn says that she was ugly or fat, fat and not interesting, or fat and annoying. And Earn's girlfriend says, "If she was fat and annoying, why were you making out with her?" Earn's like, "I didn't say I was making out with her." Girlfriend's like, "But were you?" And Earn says, "Yes." And then they start laughing and messing around and kissing and stuff like that. And then as Earn's kissing the girlfriend's neck, the girl says— or kissing the girl's neck, the girl says, "Hey, tell me you love me." And then Earn laughs, and the girl's like, "Why did you laugh?" And Earn's like, "Because you always say this, and of course I love you." And then the girl's like, "Okay, then say it." And then he says, "I love you," and pulls a face. Then the girl gets out of bed, just kind of pushes him off, and gets out of bed. As it follows her down the hallway, and Earn gets up and walks in the hall, starts to walk down the hallway out of the bedroom, and you can see that there's a little girl too, which reveals that they have a child together. He's talking to the little girl, saying, "Oh, you're so cute." And then the girl, the little girl's name is Lottie, and the girl, the baby mama, is like, "Hey, you have Lottie tonight, hope you didn't forget that." And he's like, "Oh yeah, I remembered that." And she says that, "Oh, you need to take Lottie out, she shouldn't just be at her grandparents' house," meaning Earn's parents' house. He's like, "Oh yeah, of course, I'll pick her up after work and after I do what I have to do." And then the baby mama's like, "Yeah, I have parent-teacher conferences and I'm gonna be out til eleven." Then Earn's like, "Why're you out til eleven?" She says she's going on a date. And then he's kinda shocked by that, and that's kind of when you realize they're not together, they're not actually together, just kinda co-parenting. Then Earn makes some sarcastic remarks to Lottie about it. Then it cuts to Earn at work, and he works trying to sell people I guess rewards, airplane rewards programs, at an airport. Everyone's kinda dissing him, telling him to eff off. He's with his coworker, his name is Shiff or something, and his coworker is talking about the new— talking about how Earn's totally out of it. Earn confesses that his girl is going on a date and he's basically broke, and his friend's like, "Oh, okay." And then his friend's like, "Hey, did you hear the new Paper Boy song?" And Earn tells and then shows him the Paper Boy video. Earn says, "Hey, that's my cousin, Paper Boy's my cousin." He's like, "Okay." And then Earn suddenly realizes— oh, before Earn had left the house and was still talking with the girl, she mentioned that he— she, if he's living there, she needs help with rent. And he says he'll get the rent to her. Then when he's talking to his coworker about Paper Boy, he realizes that Paper Boy could be his key, or his friend says, "Oh, you should probably get on that if it's actually your cousin before he gets a deal so you can actually get some of the money." Then he realizes that's true, and he's like, "Okay." And then the scene kinda ends. Then he's also like, "Hey, this job isn't working out for me cause I can't sell anything cause I'm not an old woman." And one of the other coworkers is having a lot of success selling people this mileage program. Then after that scene, next scene is Earn walking up to his parents' house, and his dad's standing in the doorway and his mom's there as well. He's talking to his parents about, "Hey, how are you guys?" And then his parents are like, "Good, how are you?" He's like, "I'm good, aren't you gonna invite me in?" His dad's like, "No, I can't afford it." And then his mom's being sarcastic as well. He's like, "Both of you think the only thing I came here for was money." And his dad's like, "Yes." His mom's like, "Yes." He's like, "It's not, I wanna know where Alfred is, and I need you guys to pick up Lottie for me cause I have a job that I need to get to." And then they're like, "Oh, you're working another job, congratulations," partially sarcastically. And he's like, "Okay," kind of sarcastic back to his parents as well. And his parents are like, "Okay, cool." And Alfred's like, "Not here, he's at his house or somewhere else." And he's like, "Okay, cool, thanks." And then he leaves, and his dad kinda shuts the door on him. He's like, "Bye, love you," shuts the door on him. And then Earn's like, "Okay, bye." Goes to his cousin's house, and all throughout this the music playing in the background is Paper Boy's song. So Earn heads back to— heads to his cousin's house, Paper Boy's house. And the next scene is inside Paper Boy's house, Alfred's house. He's playing a game, and this other guy, Darius, is going through the fridge, smells the milk, and is like, "Hey, can I use this milk to drink? Is it safe to drink?" And then Paper— Alfred's like, "No, that milk is not safe for drinking." There's a knock on the door, and they both— they both scatter to go to the door. And then Alfred opens up the door and just points the gun out, and it's Earn. Earn's like, "Oh, hi," basically, and Alfred lets him in. And as they walk by, Darius is standing behind the wall with a knife and a plate of cookies. And Alfred introduces him to Earnest to Darius, and it's like, "Oh, hey, cool." And then yeah, the— they— Earn says that he wants to be Paper— Alfred's manager and talks about his song. He's like, "Hey, he's, you're doing well, I wanna be your manager." He's like, "Oh, are you gonna— don't wanna ask me for money?" He's like, "No, I just wanna be your manager, you need a manager." And he's kinda blowing him off, like, "No, no, I don't." And then suddenly Darius is like, "Oh, it's four o'clock." And they're like, "Oh, shit, we're gonna be late." And the next scene is them outside sitting on a couch smoking. And Earn is like, "Hey, look, you really need a manager cause you're on the older side and you're not white and you're not selling sex." And then Alfred like— or Alfred's like, "Oh, I am selling sex." And then plays a track for him about muckin', massaging, and fucking. And he's like, "Yeah, I'm selling sex." He's like, "Well, it's not effective enough, you really need a manager to help." And then Alfred's like, "No, I don't, no, I don't." And then he's like, "Look, I haven't heard from you since my mom's funeral, you need to go." But before that, he's like, "Well, Earn, what happened to I guess Princeton? Cause I guess Earn went to Princeton or whatever, Princeton or something like that. So, oh, what happened to it?" And he's like, "Three years is a long break." And Earn kind of brushes it off, is like, "Whatever." And then is like, "You need a manager." And that's when Alfred tells him no, like, "You, I haven't heard from you since my mom's funeral. The first thing I hear from you is, 'Let's get rich.' Like, honestly, no, I'm not gonna deal with this. Like, how much is a manager? Go." So then Earn— so the next scene is like Earn walking up to some guy getting out of a car in a parking lot. He's like, "Hey, Earn." And he's like, "Hey, Earn." And Earn's like, "Hey, Dave." And he's like, "Hey, Earn, did you just come from that dumpster?" Earn's like, "Oh, definitely, man." And then he's like, "Hey, Dave is white and keeps using the n-word around Earn." And Earn's like, kinda confused, like, "Why you using the n-word?" And then he's like, "Hey, if I knew you were in town, I would've asked you to be a DJ cause you know we really need a DJ, the DJ we had sucked." He tells him a story about how the DJ was playing Flo Rida back to back, and then he told the DJ, "Oh, really," pulled the DJ aside and was like, "Really, n-word." And then Earn was like, "Oh, you really said that?" He was like, "Yeah, why wouldn't I?" And then he's like, "Hey, I need you, how much would it cost to get Kyle or KP, his boss, to play a song on the radio?" Well, asked Dave if he knew Paper Boy, then asked how much it would cost to get a song played on the radio. And then he's like, "Oh, five hundred dollars." He's like, "I don't have five hundred dollars, I'm broke, about to get kicked out, all this stuff, I need you to just help me out and maybe introduce me or introduce Paper Boy to your boss." He's like, "Oh, I don't introduce any random rapper, any random guy to your boss, to my boss." He's like, "I'm not just any random guy." And then Dave's like, "You kind of are." He's like, "Alright, well, see you around, bye," and just kinda dips. And then greets— and then on the way in, he greets some other guys with a handshake and says, "Hello." And then Earn as Earn runs into a building service worker who's pushing a trash can out full of garbage out. And then he asks him, "Hey, oh," and the guy's name is Prince. He's like, "Hey, has that guy ever said the n-word to you?" And then Prince is like, "No, if he did, I'd beat him up," basically. And he's like, "Hey, what's your name?" And he's like, "My name is Prince." He's like, "Hey, Prince, how late are you here?" And then the next scene it cuts to is Alfred pulling into the driveway of Earn's parents' home, and Lottie's outside playing with the parents, with the mom. And then Alfred's like telling them how— telling the dad how— or Darius introduces himself and asks if he can measure the parents' tree in their yard. And the uncle's like, "No." And Alfred's like, "Lemme say hi to Lottie, bring Lottie over here." And then Earnest's mom is like, "No, she's getting contact high just from being over here," and takes Lottie inside. And then Alfred asks his uncle, "Hey, Earn just asked me to be my manager." He said like, "I don't trust him." The dad's like, "I don't blame you." He's like, "Yeah, I don't know, he just wants to get rich, being kinda secretive and all this stuff." And then he's like, "Look, that might be true, but." The dad's like, "Look, that might be true, but when Earn puts his mind to something, he's gonna get it." And then the next scene is Earn with a CD, the CD of I guess Paper Boy's mixtape, and some money, and he puts it in an envelope. And he walks in, and Prince lets him into the studio. He like sees— he was like, "Hey, Dave." And Dave's like, "What're you doing? Give me a second," cause he's on the radio covering for someone and can't speak to him right now. And then Earn's like, "Oh," points and is like, "Oh, I'm just gonna go slide this under Kyle's door." And he slides the envelope under Kyle's door and then leaves. And then the next scene is Earn on the bus, and he's holding Lottie, and they both have headphones on. Earn's listening to some music, and there's a guy sitting across from Earn on the bus, and he's like, "Your mind is racing, tell me about it," and comes to sit next to Earn. Earn takes his headphones off and is like, "Yeah, it just feels like I'm constantly losing, it feels like the universe has to have somebody lose just to balance all those people who are winning, I'm tired of it," basically. And then the guy who's bald and wearing this brown suit is then suddenly making a sandwich with Nutella that he pulled out of no one knows where, and is making a Nutella sandwich, and then gives him— gives Earn some metaphorical answer as to why he's losing. And then Earn is like, he's like, "Sometimes you just have to go with it and just deal with it and he's kinda suck it up." And Earn's like, "I'm not going out like that, sorry." And the guy's like— and then they turn back to his daughter, and the guy's like puts the sandwich together and is like, "Bite the sandwich." And then he says something and he goes, "Bite the sandwich." Earn's like, "I'll pass." And then the guy's like, "Dude, if you don't bite this sandwich in a threatening way." And then suddenly the bus stopped or the— oh, suddenly a cop car races by the bus, and Earn looks at it and looks back, and the guy's gone, like off, gone from the seat. The Nutella jar's still there, the knife's still there. He looks out the bus window and sees the guy disappear into the brush with the dog following him. And so he's like, "Okay, that was weird." And then he gets on his phone and starts texting, and starts texting his baby mama like, "I love you, can we talk when you get home?" And then as he's about to decide whether to send or delete the message, Alfred calls and is like, "Hey, do you hear this?" He's like, "What is this? What? Do I hear what?" And it was Paper Boy playing in the background, his song. And he's like, "Dang." He's like, "Oh." Earn's like, "That was quick." And he's like, "Look, come here, I need to talk to you about something." He's like, "Oh, about being your manager, maybe?" And then he's like, "Nah, talk about how you calm the fuck down or whatever." He was like messing around with him. He was like, "Yeah, just come so I can talk to you." So then Earn smiles and like hangs up the phone. Then I guess he like dropped off Lottie at his parents' house and goes and meets with Alfred, and they're sitting in the parking lot, and the music is— and the music is blaring with Paper Boy's song. And then yeah, the— he's like, "Hey," he gets in the car. And then Dave shows up, the guy from the radio station. He's like, "Hey, that was risky what you did there," and is like, "KP's pissed and all that." And he's like, "Oh, the song's playing, so it doesn't really matter." And he's like, "Yeah," he's like upset. And he's like, "Oh, hey, how about you repeat that story you were telling me earlier? And then about Flo Rida, how about you repeat that story?" And then the guy tells the story again, but he doesn't say the n-word and he doesn't say "really, n-word" at the end. And Paper Boy, Darius, who's also in the car, and they're both— they're all smoking, and Earnest also had a hit when he first got in the car cause Alfred offered it to him. But after Dave finishes the story, they just kinda stare at him blankly, and they're like, "Oh, that wasn't very funny." And Darius is like, "I kinda like Flo Rida, you know, moms or old people need music too." He's like, "Yeah." Dave's like, "Yeah, it wasn't that funny, I don't know why you had me tell it, Earn." And Earn's like, "Oh, just no reason, no reason." And then like, "Alright, well, bye, Dave." And Dave's like, "Alright, nice meeting you guys," and walks off. And he's kinda like still upset about the whole thing. And then Earn's sitting in the car talking with Earn, Alfred, and he's like, "Hey, the song's pretty good." And Alfred's like, "I kinda hate this song." And it turns down the radio. And at that moment, somebody kicks the side mirror off of Alfred's car. He's like, "Hey, hey dude, come back here, are you serious?" And he like hops out the car. And as he's about to hop out the car, Earn says, "Hey, don't mess up the money." And then he's like, "Don't mess with the money." And then Alfred like pulls him and is like, "You know what, I'm getting out and I'm due, what's good, what's good?" And earlier, Alfred had tried to holler at some girl. He's like, "Hey, hey girl, that's me on the radio." And she's like, "Shut up, bitch," or something like that. And he's like, "You know what, back at you, skank." And then then he like that, then he continued talking with continued talking with Earn about how he didn't like the song. And then the mirror got kicked off, and then he jumps out the car. And then Earn opened the glove compartment, saw a gun in there, looked at it, and the next moment is like him running out the car behind Darius and Alfred, who are confronting the guy who was walking with some girl, who was the same girl that Alfred had tried to holler at earlier or a few minutes before. So then the scene cuts away— cuts away from that scene, which is was the scene that we saw at the beginning of the show. And it cuts to Earn's baby mama taking off her shoes inside the house, and the mom leaving, saying, "Hey, Lottie's in bed, you're out of wine." And then his baby mama's like, "The whole bottle." And she takes off her shoes, and she's walking past the TV, and there's some random news report on. And then next is like breaking news, like there was a shooting in DeKalb County, and two main suspects are rapper Paper Boy and his manager Earn, and the third suspect in the shooting is still at large, which is Darius. And then the baby mama's like looking at the TV, and she just goes, "Idiot." And that's kinda like the end of it, end of the episode.