Alright, so last week at the beginning of the episode, it opened in a parking lot of a convenience store or something, and there was a scuffle between Paper Boy and the man who had damaged his side mirror. So Earn was there too, and the scene sort of the two of them went back and forth, Paper Boy and the the guy who hit his mirror, and he had that girlfriend with him, so they were in a circle, and it ended with a gunshot. And we had seen flashes over to this black dog, and we didn't really know what the dog was there for, but we saw the dog anyway. So yeah, it sort of ended with a gunshot, cut to black. And the next scene, we got the opening, which was an overview of the city. There were a lot of very extreme high angle shots; you could see the suburbs below, different aspects of the city that they were living in. So then we opened with a scene of Earn and Van, and they were in bed together, and there he was listening to music, had his headphones, and it was kind of annoying music. It was pretty loud. I don't know how she was sleeping in the midst of that music; must've been annoying. No wonder she didn't want him anyway. Anyway, so then the two of them start talking. I think they discussed kinda why it wasn't working out. They started making out, but then she sort of got mad at him or the way he said he loved her. I don't remember all the details of that, but either way, they were kind of, I don't know, there was some tension between them. And then got up, he goes to see his daughter. Oh god, what was her name? I don't remember her name. It was really girly girly name. So he picks her up, he's in the other room, and they're deciding who's gonna take care of her tonight, which it's him because Van is going on a date with another man, which is kind of awkward. He Earn seems a little bit upset about that, which is understandable, I guess. So then we get a scene of Earn in the airport with a guy named Skiff or I don't know, something like that, and they're watching this other woman I remember who also works there, and she was grinding on a customer. It was pretty weird. I don't really know why; she's probably trying to entice him to buy the tickets or whatever she was selling. So then Skiff or whatever his name is shows this video of Paper Boy and the song that he has going; it's a music video. And so Earn is like, "Oh, I know him, he's related to me." They're like cousins. So Earn starts thinking, I guess at that point, that he could be his manager and make some money off of that. So then I believe he goes, Earn goes to see his parents again. They didn't really seem that happy to see him; they thought he was just there for money. So he's outside on the porch, and they're in a little apartment or house that they have, and they don't really let him into the house, I don't think. But yeah, he asks where Paper Boy is. I think they give him sort of a clue where he is, but overall they just don't really seem impressed with their son at all. So then Earn walks out of the house, I think. I don't know if that's where we saw the red car; I just remember seeing a shot of red car, and I didn't really know what the significance of that was 'cause it seemed to not sort of linger there. But then he walks out, and I think directly after that, he goes to see Paper Boy, finds him at his house, and he is on the couch eating food. So then Earn comes to the door, and he goes in. He, there's this other guy with a tray of cookies or something. They don't really let him in at first; Paper Boy kind of is hesitant to unlock the chain of the door, but eventually he lets him in. And Earn makes clear that he wants to be Paper Boy's manager, and Paper Boy's like, "Well, I haven't seen you in forever, why are you here? You really just want money from me," which yeah, I guess is true. But Earn is very adamant and keeps trying to convince him that he could do a good job. So then they the three of them go outside. They're sitting on this rock or something, and Paper Boy and the other guy are smoking a joint, and Earn has this backpack that he's wearing, and he looks like a school boy kind of. And Paper Boy has this rainbow shirt on; it's striped, it's very colorful, very memorable. So basically at the end, Paper Boy's like, "No, I don't need a manager." And so Earn is just kind of upset about that. Scene after that, I think, was Paper Boy going to see Earn's parents and sort of asking how he was doing, like, "Do you think he'd be a good manager or not?" And the parents, I don't know, don't really seem too supportive of their son because he hasn't been the most successful in life so far. But anyway, so Paper Boy I guess decides not to make him manager at that point. And then I don't know, this might've been the scene before, but Earn sees this guy named Dan or something in the car dealership or the car parking lot or something, and Dan works for a radio station. And Earn is wondering how much it would cost for him to get Paper Boy's song on the radio. And anyway, it's pretty expensive, I guess, and Earn is trying to find a way to get him to do it, but he just really wouldn't. So later after that, yeah, it was definitely the scene before the scene where he goes to visit Earn's parents, I think. So then Earn kind of sneaks in to the radio broadcasting building. He goes into a room; he'd gotten money out of a shoe box, and he brings the tape or the CD or whatever of the song, and he slides it under the door of the room. And he sees Dan on the way, and Dan, I don't know, he's gonna end up being upset about this. But so then we get a scene of Earn on a subway with his daughter, and she's listening to music, and he's like, I don't know, I think it was a crown headphone set; it was pink, maybe it was very girly. And then this random guy comes up and sits next to them, and he, what did he ask? He was eating something, I think. He was Earn was kinda complaining to him about his life, like, "Why is this happening to me?" Be like, "Why is my life not working out?" The guy has kind of a philosophical answer, I guess, but Earn doesn't really understand it. And then the guy's eating a sandwich or something, and then he tries to force Earn to eat it or something. I don't know, it was really weird. Then there's kind of a flash outside of blue; it kind of looks like a police car, maybe. We don't really know. But then the guy leaves, and we see Nutella, I think, on the seat where he had been. And then he's outside, and Earn looks at the window, and he sees this guy with the same dog that we saw in the beginning of the the episode. So then we get a scene of Paper Boy calling Earn, and he's been in his car in that parking lot and hears his song on the radio, and obviously he's pretty happy about that. So as Earn is driving home, he gets this phone call, and Paper Boy's like, "Come over," and I don't know, "Listen to the song with me." And so Earn shows up in the parking lot, and they're just talking, and obviously Paper Boy is kind of impressed with Earn 'cause he managed to get his song on the radio. So Earn is happy and like he's going to accept him as his manager. So Earn is glad about that. I think there was another guy in the car too, a friend of Paper Boy's, who they're all just jamming out together. And then the guy named Dan, I think that's his name, comes up, and he starts talking to Earn to ask him why he gave that money, like he didn't really have permission to do that or it was kind of going behind his back or something. So he's upset about that, and Earn is like, "Well, obviously guy liked the song, like manager whatever, liked the song because he's playing it on the radio." But Dan looks a little bit mad. And then I don't know, Earn asks him to tell this joke about a DJ playing a certain song twice, like Flo Rida, I think, twice. And I guess that was lame or something, I don't know. Anyway, there was a joke about it, and it just wasn't a very funny joke 'cause nobody laughed, sad. So then this woman walks by, and Paper Boy hits on her, and he's like, "Oh my god, that's me on the radio, I'm so cool." And she's just not impressed, understandably. So then a few minutes later, we get a scene of the girl, the same girl that he tried to hit on, and her boyfriend, and they're all running by, and the guy who's her boyfriend damages Paper Boy's side mirror. Paper Boy is not happy about that. We then cut to Earn's somebody opening the glove box, and there's a gun, and there's so we get a shot of the gun sort of foreshadowing what's about to happen. So then they all get out of the car, and they're having this first scene that happened, and they're going back and forth, things are happening, and then there was a gunshot again, and it's kind of ambiguous about what happens; we can't really tell. But then we get a cut to Van, and she's going back into her apartment, obviously she just came back from her date with the other man, and she's all dressed up, and she sees on her hair's up, she sees on the news which is on her TV, there's a broadcast of a shooting that had just happened. She sees a mugshot of Paper Boy and a shot of Earn, and she basically says they're idiots true, and one of them had shot somebody. I think one was injured; he was obviously Paper Boy that shot somebody, and I don't really know for sure, but she just knows they've gotten into a lot of trouble, and she's really questioning what they're doing with their lives. And so that was kind of that, and we're left hanging about what would happen next or why the dog was there. And yeah, okay.