During the last episode of Atlanta, it starts out with Earn, Paper Boy, and Darius sitting in a car outside of— it looks like outside of a strip mall at night, and they're talking about I think Paper Boy's music. Then something happens where the car they're in is damaged, and Paper Boy gets out of the car to confront the man. Then Earn and Darius get out of the car and then kind of try to stop Paper Boy, but Paper Boy and the man that damaged the car end up having a confrontation. Then guns are pulled out, and Earn does continue to try to step in and stop the confrontation, but then right as the scene ends, it's known that the man who damaged the car gets shot by Paper Boy. The next scene is Darius— or I mean Earn wakes up. Earn is shown in bed awake, just lying there, and then you're shown that he's next to a woman which he has a baby with, but he's— but doesn't seem to be very together in a strong relationship. He tells her about a dream he's had and how weird it was, and describing what girl was in it, I think. Then they get up, and Earn is seen going to greet his daughter who's in the room down the hall. While he's playing with her, the woman he had the child with is getting ready for the day and telling Earn that he has to take care of the child tonight because she has a parent-teacher conference to go to and a date, I think. So yes, and then after that scene, I think after that scene, Earn is shown at his work which he works at an airport, trying to sell people or trying to get people to sign up for these credit cards that you can probably earn miles with. He's seen with his friend— I forgot his friend, but he's seen with his friend he works with, and they're not being very successful at getting people to sign up, and compared to one of their other colleagues, a woman who's seen across them who's getting a lot of people to sign up. Earn just kind of seems— seems very just unhappy with his job. So then his friends are talking about Paper Boy's music, and I think they go into talking about some improvements that he should take part in. And I think Earn gets an idea, and he tells his friend, "I have to go, I can't stay here," and he kind of basically runs away to leave. Then the next scene, I think, is Earn going to see his parents. He shows up at their front door; they don't really let him in because they only think he's there for money. It doesn't seem like his parents think very highly of him as in— as in terms of success. They talk about how he's not earning enough money or how he's messy at home, about how it's good that his girlfriend or that the woman that he has a child with, and how good it is that she's seeing someone else and moving on. It doesn't seem to faze Earn that much, but then he asks where his cousin— I think cousin— or where Alfred is, who is Paper Boy, and they tell him that he's probably in his apartment, I think. So the next scene shows Alfred in his apartment with Darius, and I think they're playing— or Earn or Alfred is playing video games, and I think talking to someone on the phone maybe. But then he hears a knock and goes to the door and opens it up with a gun pointed outside, which is straight up Earn because he's at the door and he was the one knocking. But Alfred lets him in, and Darius is there with a plate of cookies and a knife greeting Earn. They go back inside where Alfred was playing video games before, and Earn has this idea that that he needs— that Alfred needs a new manager, and he and he would be the best one to do it. But Alfred says something about manager has the word "man" in it, and that Earn isn't a real man, so he couldn't fulfill that job well. And he tells Earn too that he doesn't really need a manager and he doesn't need him, but Earn keeps pressing the issue. Then I think it's at a time four thirty that that Paper Boy says he needs to leave, and he looks at the time and he says, "Oh, we gotta go." The next shot is them all three just sitting on a couch out in a field next to the apartment smoking. Earn keeps asking, "When can we have this conversation? I really want to do this," and Paper Boy is just telling Earn every reason why he doesn't need one and why basically maybe how he can't trust Earn. And Darius keeps saying stuff that's just not relevant to the situation, I think. Then Earn— they end up getting up after talking for a while, and then Alfred tells Darius that he can't trust him because it's something that happened at his mom's funeral, like one thing that Earn said that he couldn't come to grips with, and that's why he wouldn't be his manager. Then I think the next scene is this man getting out of his car in a parking lot with a tray of coffees, and his name is Dave, I think. His name is Dave or David, I think it's Dave. And Earn walks up to him, and they do— they know each other because of how they greet each other. And Dave works at— they walk through the parking lot and asks, and Earn asks how much it would cost to put a song on their radio station. And I think Dave says it's about five hundred dollars or something, and Earn just basically tells him that it's a lot of money but he could get him the money, I think, because he wants to put Alfred's song on there to show him that he could be his manager. So once they get closer to the studio, Dave says goodbye and says he has to go. Then Earn sees a man taking out the trash and kind of befriends him, and that's his way of getting into the studio himself to give Dave's boss the— the tape of Alfred's music. Then after that scene, I think Earn goes back home and gets the money for the tape and is seen getting into the studio and placing the tape under the door of Dave's boss. Then Earn is seen at night, I think, with his daughter on a public transportation, and they're both wearing headphones, they're both listening to music. There is this man in a really nice tan suit sitting across from them reading a newspaper, and he just asks Earn I think how he's doing or that there's tough times or whatever. Then Earn nods and tells him what's going on with his life, and I don't really remember what the man said back, but I think he just said some words of wisdom to live by, I think. Then Earn does get a phone call from Alfred, and Alfred I think is telling Earn to listen because his song is being played on the radio and that was because of Earn. And Alfred just says, "Come meet with me now, I want to talk about— talk to you further about this management thing," and he's kind of reopening that conversation back up. Once the bus stops, the man is seen no longer in the bus that Earn was talking to, and Earn looks out the window and sees the man quietly walk into the forest with the dog that had Texas on it or whatever in the first scene of the show. And I don't know if the man was real, I'm not sure what symbolism they're trying to use there, metaphor. I don't even know if he's actually real. So then the next scene is Alfred going to meet— I mean Earn going to meet Alfred and Darius, and that's— and that's the he meets him at the car in that setting where the first scene took place. Earn gets in the car, and they listen to the music, and he smokes with Alfred too. While they're listening to the music, Alfred yells something at a girl, and she I don't know says something back to that wasn't very nice, and then he yells something back at her that wasn't very nice either. Then some man kicks their side window out of place, and that makes Alfred really angry, and he goes to reach for the gun in his— in his— in his glove compartment. Earn tells him no, he can't do that, so they both get out of the car, and at the last minute Earn grabs a gun himself. Then they all start the confrontation with this guy, and they make a ton of insults against each other. Then I think the scene— I'm not sure what they showed, I don't think they showed any of the shooting at the end of the scene. But then the next scene is Earn— Earn, I don't want to say girlfriend, but his girlfriend walks through their— their apartment or house door and relieves Earn's mom of taking care of the child. The news is on, and so it kind of as she's putting her stuff away, she sees the news, and they're talking about this shooting, and they pull up pictures of Alfred and Earn. And the girlfriend is just shocked and says something that they're such idiots or whatever, but I forgot. During the bus scene, Earn is shown texting that woman who had the child with and asking her, "Can we talk?" and that he still loves her. So I think that's— yeah, that's the only thing.