The episode began with Paper Boy and his cousin—I don't remember his name, so we'll just call him Donald Glover. So Paper Boy and Donald Glover began their episode by bumping to Paper Boy's latest track in the car. Paper—then somebody, they're also with Paper Boy's good friend whose name I also forget. And the episode pretty much begins with them bumping in the car, and then somebody walks by and kicks the side mirror off the car. Paper Boy gets mad, he runs out of the car, puts a gun to the guy's chest. Donald Glover is trying to stop him, and the cut scene ends with Paper Boy heading the gun into the guy's chest. And there seems to be a gunshot, but it was ambiguous. And then next cut scene, I believe it was with Donald Glover, who wakes up with his—his baby mama, and they're in bed together. Donald Glover is trying to make a move on her again, but she's not having any of it because he won't tell her that he loves her or he laughs. And then she kinda gets a little annoyed, runs out of the room—I mean walks out of the room, tells Donald Glover that he'll be taking care of Lonnie, I think that was his baby's name, that she has to go to parent-teacher conference, and that she's gonna have to keep him with Donald Glover until about eleven, I believe. And the reason for this was because she is—she's going on a date. So Donald Glover hears this, he's like, "Okay." Next cut scene, he—next cut scene begins with him at the airport with his friend. He's working as a flight sales associate, so pretty much he's trying to stop people in the airport and offer them deals and discounts and try to get their business. Him and his partner are not very good at it. I remember they were watching this one older black lady who was very good at it because she had that sort of very hospitable, almost motherly kind of attitude towards her customers. And then so they watch her take a customer and offer him a deal, and they're like, "Wow, she's good," kinda like that. And then Donald Glover's friend takes out his phone to show him the new Paper Boy's song, and Donald Glover does not know who Paper Boy is yet. So the guy goes, "Hey, have you heard the new Paper Boy song?" And Donald Glover's like, "I don't know who Paper Boy is," I believe. And then so friend starts playing the song. Donald Glover's watching the video, and he says, "That's my cousin." And his friend says something along the lines of, "That that thick girl," or something like that. So Donald Glover says, "No, the rapper Paper Boy's my cousin." So Donald Glover's friend says, "Then you should definitely get in on that because it's gonna blow up." And then next scene cuts with Donald Glover leaving work. He leaves—scene cuts to his parents' house, and he walks up to his parents' house. His dad's standing in front of the door, behind the door, just blocking the entrance. So he says, "Hey dad, hey mom, are you gonna invite me in?" And they say no because they assume the only times he ever visits is for money, I believe, or to take care of his kid. So yeah, he said, "Are you gonna offer to offer me to come in?" They say no because all you do is ask for money. And he says, "I'm not here for that." He asks, "Where's man?" I think it was Alfred, I think Paper Boy's real name was Alfred. So he asks where Alfred is, and they tell him where he is. And then he tells his parents, he asks his parents to look after Lottie for the day. So next scene cuts, he goes to where Alfred is living at the time, knocks on Alfred's door. And before that scene begins in Alfred's—Alfred's apartment or complex where he lives—then him and his friend are—his friend who is pretty much always high is asking him if the milk is good to drink, if the milk is good. And Paper Boy asks for what. His friend says, "To drink." And he says, "Nah, not good to drink." So that's that. And they hear the knock from Donald Glover at the door. Oh, I think his name was Earn, so Ernie's at the door. He opens it with a gun, and he's pointing the gun at Ernie. He realizes that it's Ernie, so he's like, "Okay, that's all good." So he walks past, he lets Ernie in, walks past the—walks past the corner. And his friend is waiting there with a knife just in case he needs to shank somebody. Then he sits. Alfred sits down immediately, asks, "So you're here, so you wanna get in on Paper Boy?" And Ernie says—I think he tried to deny it at first but then admitted that he was there for that. And he said he wanted to manage Alfred, and Alfred said he—I believe Alfred said he didn't need one, something like that. And they're talking for a while until he realizes that it's four thirty and he missed the four twenty time where he's supposed to smoke weed with his friend. So they go outside, and I remember it was an interesting scene. They have a couch just in the middle of the backyard or the front yard, whichever it was, and they're smoking. And something to notice is that Ernie does not smoke at the time cause he said he's gonna be managing. And Alfred says, "What, you can't do business while you're high?" And so Ernie does not smoke. And once they're finished smoking, they start walking back to Paper Boy's—Paper Boy's place. And Ernie's telling him he wants to get in on it, in on the deal, but Paper Boy doesn't. Paper Boy gets pretty mad, he turns around, and he says, "I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral, and the first thing you say to me when you see me is let's get rich." So he leaves Ernie. And then Ernie decides that he needs to do something. So I believe the next scene cuts to him. He goes to the DJ place where they play their newest tracks. He meets his little white friend who tells him a story that included the n-word, and he said the n-word not with a hard r but the n-word nonetheless. And Chance—no, Chance, what am I saying? Ernie is surprised a little bit. And so he says, "Have you heard about Paper Boy?" And he's the DJ says, "Yes." He's like, "You should play that on your—on the radio tonight." And he says—he says the other DJ makes all the choices. And I don't remember the other DJ's name, but it's essentially he's a more important figure than this little DJ. And so Ernie also meets the custodian who's taking out the garbage, and he asks him if the white guy ever calls him the n-word or just throws it around casually around him. And the custodian says something along the lines of, "Absolutely not." And then Ernie asks him how long he's gonna be there, and the guy said, "Pretty late." So I think the next scene was Alfred goes up to his aunt and uncle who are Ernie's parents and tells him that Ernie wants to be his manager and that he doesn't trust him. And Ernie's dad says, "I don't blame you, but that when Ernie wants something done he gets it done." And then they're flashing back and forth to Ernie taking out money from this shoebox at his place, wraps it with a rubber band to Paper Boy's new album, and gets into the DJ station with the help of the custodian, slides it under the main producer's door, and leaves. So their scene is him—Ernie is on the bus with his daughter going home. They're both listening to music, and another black man in a tan suit is talking to Ernie in a strange sort of not rhymes but proverbs. And he's also doing something weird, which is he has a Nutella jar and he's spreading Nutella over two pieces of uncooked untoasted white bread. And then he says some other sort of weird proverb to Ernie. And then he says to Ernie, "Bite this sandwich." And Ernie's like, "Nah, I'm good." He says another proverb, this time in a more menacing voice. And then he walks off the bus. Oh, and the ambulance swings by the bus. Ernie turns to look at him, and when he turns back, the pastor guy's gone. And he kinda walks into the woods with a dog that was present at the beginning of the episode. And then he's about to text his baby mama that he loves her, and I think the text read, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And then right—he's about to send it, he's hesitating. Paper Boy calls him, and he says, "Do you hear this?" And Ernie says, "No, I can't hear it." Then he turns up, and it's Paper Boy's album playing on the radio. So Alfred is obviously pretty happy about that and says to come to where he is, that he wants to talk to Ernie. And Ernie says, "Talk like a manager." And I believe Alfred said, "Talk like a—calm your ass down," or something along those lines. So next cut scene goes to them, which is actually—so the beginning part of the episode was a flash scene from the end of the scene, so they're repeating the beginning of the episode where Paper Boy is trying to catcall this girl or try to seduce this girl. She doesn't want anything to do with him, and he insults her. And then her and her boyfriend come, and the boyfriend kicks the side mirror off. And I don't remember if this was at the beginning or at the very end of the episode, but she said to Paper Boy, "You're Paper Boy, you're rich, you don't have to pay for that, doesn't really matter." And so the boyfriend he's like, "Oh, you're Paper Boy." And Paper Boy's like, "Yeah." And then the scene ends with his girlfriend slash baby mama who is coming back from her date. She looks very nice, she turns on the TV, and there's two suspects for a shooting who is Ernie and Alfred. And she says, "Idiots." And the episode ends.