So there are three men that come out of a truck, and they're parked in front of what we later discover is a nightclub. But I think there's also a Rainbow Video Station; it's kind of a diner setup. So they come out into the parking lot, and they come across a couple. We later find out that one of the men in the group of three was named Alfred, and the other Darius. I'm not sure what the third guy's name was. And they come across a couple, and there was some sort of confrontation. So Alfred's rap name is Paper Boy, and the boyfriend of the couple that they cross says something about his music not being good. So Alfred pulls a gun on him, and I think that Alfred's compatriot pulls a gun on Alfred in turn, I think to deter him or something. And the boyfriend that Alfred had pulled a gun on lifts a gun and says that he has friends who are in the area, and if he were to do anything, that he'd be caught. Then you hear a shot, and it goes to an aerial view. And then it turns to the title sequence. And it shows more aerial views of some rundown homes and some McMansion development type homes. And then the skyline, and Atlanta appears on the screen. Then it cuts to a man and a woman in bed. You find out that they're Earnest Marks and Van. Earnest—I think you first see the fan that's above their bed. And Earnest tells Van that he had a dream, and he was swimming in the ocean. And he was trying to not be caught by the seaweed, which some woman had told him would grab him and pull him under. And he thought it had some philosophical significance. And Van is kind of caught up by the fact that there's a woman there. And Earn is like, "Oh yeah, but she was like fat," or something. And she said, "Oh really? And then you made out with her?" And then he said, "Oh, I didn't say that." And she was like, "Well, did you?" And he says, "Yes." And I think she kind of laughs it off, and they get sort of intimate. And she asks him to tell her that he loves her. And he laughs because he thinks it's funny that she's always asking for that reassurance. But she's off put by the laugh. And she gets up, she walks to the bathroom. And Earnest also gets up, and he walks into the nursery and picks up their daughter Lottie from the crib. She says that she needs someone to watch Lottie for the night because she's going to a PTA meeting, and we later find out she's actually going on a date. She also asks—and in the meanwhile, I think it seems like Earnest is kind of jealous. And he's teasing Lottie about the fact that—I mean, Lottie's not at speaking age, I don't think yet—but Lottie about the fact that her mother's going on a date with someone who he thinks is undesirable or something. So Van asks Earnest to watch Lottie, and also says that if Earnest is going to continue staying at her apartment, she's going to need help with the rent, and she's going to need it by tonight. And she also tells Earnest that she doesn't want Earnest's parents to be the ones watching Lottie tonight rather than Earnest himself, and he agrees. And I guess he goes out and decides to get some money. So it cuts to him at the airport with his coworker who I think is named Shiff. And I think they work for some sort of rewards program because they see who I think is either a competing worker in the same field or one of their coworkers selling some sort of program to some guy, I think, in the airport who was gonna get a free flight to, I don't know, I think the Bahamas or Bermuda or something. And Shiff asks Earnest if he's ever heard of Paper Boy, and he shows him the music video. And Earn is like, "Oh, that's my cousin." And Shiff at first thinks that Earnest is talking about the woman featured in the video who he finds really attractive. But he's actually talking about Paper Boy himself. So he sets out because he thinks it's an opportunity to make the money. So he goes to his parents' house; it has a brick veneer, and there's a screen door and a front door, and they open opposite ways. So the—he goes to his parents' house. I forget exactly what the father's name was; you hear Alfred say it later. I think his mother's name was Tee because Alfred calls her Aunt Tee, Uncle—well anyway. So Earnest's father, Mister Marks, opens the door, and he asks him if he—Earnest asks him if he's willing to let him in. And his father says something funny about how it would be an expensive thing to do because he knows that—or assumes that Earnest is coming to ask for money. Then he comments on something like Earnest had gone to the bathroom and not flushed. Or his mother comments on that, and then criticizes his diet because she had to break it apart or something because he's only eating cookies and candy. But Earnest ends up asking about Alfred, his cousin Alfred, and his father tells him the apartments that he's living at. So the next scene, it cuts to Earnest getting out of his car and getting—walking into—knocking on Alfred's door. Alfred is playing video games, and Darius is in there with him. As soon as they hear a knock on the door, they grab—Earnest grabs—or I mean Alfred grabs a gun, and Darius grabs a knife. The door is chained. He, Alfred, opens it and holds the gun out the door, sees that it's his cousin. His cousin says, "Nice peephole." He lets him in. Darius is standing behind around the corner with a knife in his hand. He introduces Earnest to Darius. I think they go back on the couch, and then I think pretty suddenly Alfred is able to—Alfred realizes that he's there for money because he hasn't seen him since his mother's funeral, Alfred's mother's funeral. And Earnest proposes that he be his manager. We find out—I think it might be the next scene, but anyway. So Earnest and Alfred—oh, they find out that it's four o'clock or something. And you think that there's a date going on, but they end up going to a field that has a sofa in it, and they start smoking pot. Earnest doesn't want any, and Alfred says, "Oh, why not anymore?" And Earnest doesn't really say. And we find out that Earnest went to Princeton, but it seems like he may have dropped out after three years or something. He's only making five fifteen an hour now, and he's trying to tell Alfred that that he should drop some of the songs from his album. I guess he has sixteen songs, and he says because he isn't white and the content isn't about sex that it won't be attractive unless it's marketed correctly by his manager, which he thinks he can do. And then Alfred plays a song that actually is about sex, and I think that he suggested that that's one of the ones that they cut. And then Darius gets really high and starts saying some really kind of off color things. And then it seems like he's about to refuse him. I think that Earnest leaves. And it cuts to a scene where this guy Dave is getting out of his car, and Earnest goes on. They both say, "Wow, I haven't seen you in so long." Dave starts using some racial slurs casually talking to Earnest. And eventually—so Earnest asks if he can play Paper Boy because he works for a radio station. It's in the parking lot of Dave's work. And Dave says, "Oh, I'll need—" I forget how he says it, but it's the equivalent of five hundred dollars—and he's kind of off put. And Earnest sees a sanitation worker coming out with the trash and is still really off put by the language that Dave had used, and asks if he had ever used the same language around him. I think the guy's name was Prince. And he says, "No, I'd beat him up." And then I'm trying to remember the sequence, the order of events. I think it cuts to Earnest on the bus, I think. And he's with Lottie, and she has headphones on that kind of look like a tiara. And she's listening to some songs on his phone and sleeping. And some guy in a beige suit starts talking to him. He's sitting opposite Earnest on the bus, and he's saying something like, "Resistance is a symptom of how the situation is, not how it should be." Because Earnest is complaining about all—how his life has turned out really negatively and how he thinks that he's a failure so that other people can seem more successful when compared to him. And eventually the bus stops, a cop car passes, and sirens go off. And all of a sudden this guy that Earnest was talking to is off the bus and walking down into a ditch in the woods. It's kind of a strange scene. He also, while he's on the bus talking to Earnest, offers him a Nutella sandwich, which Earnest turns down. Earnest also thinks the situation is really weird. But I think that next it cuts to a scene where Earnest is pulling out five hundred dollars, or I don't know if he puts more back if it was more than five hundred dollars, and he just returns some of it. But he pulls out a wad of cash from a shoebox; it's inside a sneaker. And he goes into the radio station David works. He flashes it to David who's behind a glass wall DJing, and he puts it under KP—Kyle P, who's David's boss—his door. And then I guess they play Paper Boy, which is the name of the song and also it's Alfred's rap name, Paper Boy. They play Paper Boy, and Earnest gets a call from Alfred. And he's essentially saying, "Oh, come over." And Earnest is like, "Oh, as your manager?" And he's like, "Well—" he kind of makes a joke of it, but he's like, "Yeah, come over." So the two of them end up in the car. They end up back in the same parking lot that they were before, and the parking lot where—not Earnest was at least, I don't think—the parking lot where Darius, Alfred, and their other friend had confronted the couple. They're back there. They're playing Paper Boy on the radio. Darius is in the back seat, Alfred's driving, Earnest is in the passenger seat. And I guess David goes into—I'm not sure if it's a club or I think it's—it kind of looks like a diner. But anyways, he goes in there or he's coming out. And Earnest calls him over and asks him to recount that story where he had used all the racial expletives to his friend. And he essentially retells it. It's about how he was at a party the other night and they played Flo Rida back to back, and how he thought it was really dumb. And Darius just says, "Oh, I like Flo Rida." But it was really—it wasn't at all what Earnest was expecting because he thought, "Okay, he's gonna use the same language as he did with me," but he doesn't. So it just seems like an odd situation. And everyone, once Dave is gone, is wondering why did Earnest have him recount that story. But anyway, then a woman also leaves the building, and Paper Boy, Alfred, calls out to her. And she calls him a bitch, and he says something offensive in turn. And then afterwards someone kind of randomly hits off or kicks off his rear view mirror, and he gets so flustered. And he grabs—he goes to—not the console—yeah the console—no the glove compartment. He reaches for it, and Earnest says something about money. I'm not sure if he's saying, "Oh, if you reach for the gun—" which is what I had assumed was in the glove compartment, "—you'll lose opportunity to make money." But anyway, he hops out of the car without the gun, and Earnest reaches for it, like gets it ready. And it gets to a scene where Van is walking back into her apartment. And Earnest's mom is leaving, says, "The bottle is in the fridge," or whatever. And the TV's playing. She goes to see Lottie, but on the TV it says that two men were arrested. It was Alfred and Earnest Marks, and she's like, "Oh my gosh, in DeKalb County." And the third man who's suspected in this shooting wasn't yet caught.