Okay, so I watched Atlanta, and the episode I watched starts with a bunch of people in what looks like a gas station parking lot. There's two guys in a car; their mirror gets knocked off, and the one guy's pissed. We don't know who he is yet, but he gets out of the car, and you know, they start talking about some stuff, and clearly Donald Glover is trying to calm this bigger guy down, and it just doesn't work. The guy who knocks the mirror off the big guy's car, it just kind of trying to rile him up, it seems like. And so this big guy, we later find out his name is Alfred, he's a rapper, just puts a gun to the kind of scrawny guy's— it's a white button-down shirt with kinda polka-dot type things on it, and he was a little bit scrawny— so Paper Boy the rapper just puts a gun to this guy's chest and shoots him. Donald Glover's trying to stop him, I think, but it doesn't really work out. There's also another guy there, Darius, who is basically commenting on, "I had some serious deja vu." And then they, they, the camera kind of swings around; you can see in the background there's a dog sitting there, it's a husky-type dog. It's not apparent why it's there. I can't remember most of the conversation that goes on, but that's the general gist of it. There's some disagreement there; I think it might have to do with the rapper was commenting on the scrawny guy's girlfriend. She's the one girl in that opening scene. And then after that, it goes into the opening credits and the name of the show and all that. And then the next scene is Donald Glover's character Earn, Earnest, and it seems like his girlfriend, who I believe is Vanessa, but it becomes very unclear whether or not they're actually a thing. They have a kid together, which becomes clear in a few minutes. But essentially, Donald Glover's lying there with earphones on listening to rap music, and Vanessa kind of pushes him and is like, "Why the hell are you up?" And so Earnest explains that he had a really terrible dream, and in it there was something about, something about a girl. And of course, she kind of gets jealous and, you know, asks him what the girl looked like, and he's like, "Oh, she was just, just terrible." And she stops being as jealous. And then he tries to kiss her, and she complains about having morning breath, and he says that he likes it and it smells like curry. So they kiss a little bit, and then she asks him to tell her that he loves her. And so he kind of chuckles a little bit, cause it's just kind of a funny scene, but they're kissing so early in the morning, so he laughs a little bit and says, "I love you." And she kind of pushes him away and says, "Wait, why did you laugh?" And he explains himself as I would, which is kind of a funny situation that she always asks that. And he's like, "Well, of course I love you, it's pretty obvious." But she's clearly uncomfortable with that. And then she kind of switches the topics and points out that he needs to be paying rent if he's gonna be living there, which implies that they're not really together. But then Earnest goes in the next room, and there's this, this little girl, probably one or two years old, she must be one, lying in her crib. And he, you know, picks her up and is cuddling her, and he says, "Yeah, I can give you rent. What time do you need it? What time are you getting back tonight?" And she says, "Eleven," which is pretty late for a weeknight. So naturally, Earn is, "Why are you getting back so late?" And she admits that she has a date. She says something about parent-teacher conference too. I don't know what that was about, so there might be another kid that they have, maybe she's still in high school. I really doubt that, but that never really was revealed. And so she says, "Yeah, and you remember the parent-teacher conference, right?" And Donald Glover says, "Oh yeah, of course I do." And to the baby, he just kind of mouths like, "I forgot." But naturally, Earnest is kind of miffed by the fact that she's going on a date with another guy when she just asked if she loved her or not. It's kind of weird. So after that, oh boy, oh, after that, it goes to Earnest's workplace, which seems to be in the airport. So he's standing there with another guy; we don't know the guy's name, and they're chatting a little bit and just talking about how their monetary situation is not great. And they blame it on the fact that they can't get people to sign up for, you know, free trips to Cuba or whatever— not Cuba, the Caribbean. And just because they're not old ladies. And the camera switches to across the walkway; this lady has, you know, a little stand thing advertising flights, and this college-age kid says, "Oh yeah, can I sign up for a flight?" And she says, "Sure, honey, as long as you fly with us." And he's like, "Of course, it's a great deal." And he starts to fill out some forms. So he's looking at the paper in front of him, and she makes faces at Earnest and his coworker, and then starts to mimic humping the guy. And, you know, of course, they're kind of pissed because that they could easily do that; they just don't, aren't the right demographic position, it sounds like the administration thinks they are. And then they start talking about rap music, and the coworker shows Earn this clip of the song he's listening to. And Earn looks at it; he's like, "Oh, that's my cousin, that's my cousin in the video." And his cousin is Alfred, also known as Paper Boy. And then the coworker's like, "Oh man, I love that song. You know, every rapper who's up and coming needs a manager; you should get on that." So Earnest tries to— the next scene, Earn needs to do something with the kid cause he has work at night, it sounds like. Maybe he doesn't actually; it's unclear. But so he goes to his parents' house, and he says, "Hi, Mom and Dad," and like, "Oh, hi." And it's a little weird because they don't let him into the house; they're just talking with him standing on the porch and them standing in the house. Might be worth noting that Earn has changed close; he's wearing just a pocket tee-shirt and a pair of shorts, and he has a backpack on. It's definitely not as nice clothes as he was wearing at his job. So he's talking to his parents, and, you know, he's saying, "Oh, how are you?" And they're saying, "I'm good, how are you?" And he says, "Well, you know, I'm good." And they just stand in silence for a couple seconds. And then eventually, he asked his parents, "So, can do I get to come in?" And his parents say, "Well, no, we don't trust you." And it sounds like they think he just wants money, which it sounds like happens a fair amount. And he admits, "Yeah, no, I actually don't need money right now, but I would really appreciate it if you guys would take care of my kid cause I have some things to do tonight." And it's just an outright no from his parents, and they just shut the door on him, and they're like, "Okay, bye," and they just close the door. And he's just standing out there. And then from there, he goes to, he goes to his cousin's house. Well, that's why he went to his parents' house; he was looking for his cousin, it sounds like. So then he went to his cousin's house afterward, and his cousin Alfred and Darius are both there on the couch, and they're playing some sort of video game. And then Earn walks in and says, "Hey, what's up, guys?" And, you know, they're kind of friendly for a little, but then Alfred just asks him, "So, what do you want? Like, do you want to be my manager?" And Earn's like, "No, of course not." And Earn or no, I think yeah, Alfred asks if he wants to get in on the gig, and Earn says, "No, of course not, but a good rapper needs a manager, and if you need someone to do that, I could definitely do that for you." So he kind of shapes himself to be a good, good character of good character and would be good at being a manager. And Alfred basically said that's ridiculous, like that's pointless. Why, why would I need that? I don't need that. And then they look at their watches and say, "Oh shoot, it's four thirty, we missed it." They go out on this couch that's in the middle of a big green field, and they all smoke some joints except for Earnest. Earnest doesn't smoke because he's on the job or something, which then Alfred makes fun of him and says, "Well, if you're gonna be the rapper for the manager for a rapper, you, you gotta smoke. You gotta be able to work high." Let's see, then they discuss his music a little bit and something about getting on the radio. So then Earnest decides to go figure out if he can get Paper Boy on the radio. So he takes this new song to, he has a connection with the local radio station, which is a good friend of his. He just gets out of his car, and his friend is just right there in the parking lot too, and they're pretty friendly. They're like, "Oh, hey, how's it going?" They start catching up, and the guy says, "Oh yeah, I wish I'd known you were in town." Actually, the— it's important to note that all the characters so far have been black, and this guy's white, this guy who works at the radio station. So radio station guy goes, "Oh, did you just come from, I think he says, like that slum, that dumpster?" And Earn is like, "Oh no, of course not," but he did come from that general direction, which I think is what radio guy was referring to. Radio guy goes, "Oh man, I wish I'd known you were in the area; I would've invited you to this company party." And he describes that he wishes they would've had a real DJ at the party because the one guy who was DJing playing Flo Rida back to back, and the white guy went up to him and said, "Hey man, like, can't do that, that's stupid." But he didn't say that; he said that using the n-word, like colloquially as the black community often does, but he's white, which makes it problematic. And you can tell that Earn has a big problem with him using that word. I think he was thinking about using this friend of his to get into the radio station and get the song on the radio, but you can tell in that moment he's decided that he has to get on the radio some other way. So they become much less friendly, and the radio guy says, "Yeah, I can get that song on the radio for you if you give me five hundred dollars." And Earn's like, "Nah man, you know, I don't have that kind of money, but you're my friend, you can just do an inside job. And you just want the money for yourself, don't you? Like, the money isn't going to the radio station." And the guy's like, "No, it actually costs five hundred dollars. I can't believe you'd do this to me. Like, bye." And just walks into the building. And as he's doing so, Earnest catches a janitor wheeling a big cart like thing full of trash bags, and he asks this guy, "You know, like, hey, has that radio dude over there said the n-word to you? Like, would that be okay with you?" And the janitor's like, "Nah man, I'd put my foot up in his ass." So they quickly become pretty friendly. Well, not friendly exactly, but they, there's a bond, and they introduce themselves to each other. And then Earn asks, "How late are you here tonight?" And they don't show the rest of that conversation, but it's pretty clear that Earn has figured out a way to get into the radio station to get this song playing. Next scene is a little strange; it's Earn on a bus, and there's this guy on the bus who basically just says, "Hey man, you look like you're down." And Earn is like, "You know, do some people have to lose at life constantly? Just the way it's supposed to be? Some people have to lose in order to keep universal order." And I don't really know what the other guy said to that. But at one point, the other guy just has two pieces of bread squished together in his hand and says, "You know, you really should take a bite of this sandwich." And Earn is like, "I'm good, actually." And the guy is like, "No, you really should." And then there's police sirens in the background; they're going past the bus. And then Earn looks over at the seat next to him again, and the guy's gone. And then in the out the windows of the bus, you can see the guy walking off with the dog from the first scene. Then this entire time, Earnest had been listening to music before the guy started talking to him. It's unclear exactly what song, exactly what song, but it was rap. And he has his daughter in his arms with, well, presumably his daughter, he has headphones on her too, and it seems like they're listening to the same music. And then as he's sitting there looking at the seat next to him, which has a jar of Nutella on it now, he gets a phone call from Alfred. So he picks up, and Alfred's like, "Hey dog, my song's on the radio." He's thrilled about it; he's super excited. And Earn basically says, "Huh, good for you man. I wonder how that happened." Then not sarcastically, just genuinely trying to downplay his own accomplishments because we know he's the one that got it on the radio, but Alfred doesn't. And I don't know if he wants Alfred to know; maybe that's just his little secret. And then it shows like a flashback clip of Alfred— no, not Alfred, Earn— going to the building and going up to the floor where his sorta kinda not really friend is DJing and is, you know, choosing songs to put on the radio. And the guy waves at Earn, and Earn's like, "Yeah, whatever." Well, yeah, kind of looks at him and holds up a CD with a bunch of money inside the CD case. You can see all the money as well as the CD. And then he puts that in an envelope and slides it underneath the door of another guy. It might be the guy who's the head of everything; I'm not really sure. But radio guy is not pleased. So from there, let's see, from there it cuts to Earn's parents' house again, and it's just Alfred and Darius sitting in the car outside, outside his parents' house, and just talking to Earn's parents. Earn's mom is out on the lawn with his kid. This is daytime; the bus ride was at night. This is daytime. Maybe this was before the bus ride; this might have been before the bus ride. I'm not sure; that'd make sense. And Alfred is talking to Earn's dad saying, "Hey, Earn wants to be my manager, but I don't trust him." And his dad says, "Yeah, that's fair." But then says, "Earn can"— this is definitely before the bus ride, I'm sure of this now. This is between the radio, radio broadcasting station scene where the white guy says the n-word and the bus scene where you finally figure out that Earn has gotten the song on the radio. Between those two. So Alfred's saying, "Yeah, I don't trust Earn," and his dad says, "Yeah, well, I can see where you're coming from, but if Earn wants to get something done, he will. He will figure out a way to do it. He's very persevering that way." And then it transitions into the bus ride scene. After the bus ride scene, what happens after that? After the bus ride scene, you can see that they, it's just Alfred and Darius sitting in a car in what looks like a gas station parking lot, and Earn swings by. And Alfred offers him a joint, and they're blasting Alfred's song, and he says, "Hey man, do you want some?" And Earn just smiles and gets in the car and smokes a little bit. And, you know, they talk about how excited they are that it's on the radio, and there's some other conversation, some other dialogue; I'm blanking out. And then Alfred leans out the window to some random girl outside and says, "Hey girl, hey, this is my song, I wrote this." And she's basically like, "Yeah, whatever." And he calls her a couple derogatory names. And then from there, then you can see the mirror on Earn's side of the car gets knocked off, and Alfred's clearly pissed about this. Somewhere in here, Alfred says, "Oh, I didn't even like the song anyway." This might've been right after he talked to the girl and she just totally rejected him. He says, "Oh, I didn't even like this song anyway," and just turns it off, even though it's his own song being played on the radio, which is, you know, a pretty big deal. And then the mirror gets broken off, and then, then Alfred's pretty mad about it. So he leans over to the glove compartment to get his shotgun out or not his shotgun, his pistol. And Earn stops him, and he's like, "Oh my god, like, no, like, you can't do that." And luckily, they never end up opening the glove compartment, but Alfred's mad, and he just goes and gets out of the car. And Earn is clearly like, "Oh my god again, what am I gonna do?" And that's when Earn opens the glove compartment after Alfred has gotten out of the car, and you can see a hand gun in there. And you can't see anything else that happens, but it's clear that this scene segues into the scene that this whole episode opened with. And then it switches scenes, and it goes to a snapshot of his female person, Vanessa, maybe it starts with a V. It's her in her house or apartment or whatever, and she has the news on. She's just gotten home, so it's like Earn's parents finished all the wine in her house or something as they're leaving, like, "Yeah, we took care of the kids, wine's all gone, sorry." And they leave, and she's like, "Wow, thanks." And then she watches the news for a little bit; she's just kind of reorganizing her house while the news is on. And then she hears Earn's name, obviously kind of stops and actually listens for a little bit. It just talks about how there was a shooting in their county; there's two suspects, Alfred and Earn. They've both been arrested, and they're not sure which one was the shooter. And then the shooting victim is in the hospital; he is still alive, but he's like injured obviously cause he got shot right in the chest. And Vanessa just basically goes, "Oh my god again." And then the episode ends.