So the episode starts in a car, and there's a rapper or a guy who the other person in the passenger seat refers to as Al, and we don't have their names at the beginning of the episode, but it's Earn and his cousin Al. And basically, someone walks by and kicks the window; he's wearing a white shirt, which is contrasting, and Earn and Al are both wearing dark colors. He kicks the or pushes the car side mirror and breaks it, and Al is really angry, so he gets out of the car after Earn tells him not to, and he runs after the guy who broke the mirror. And then Earn also runs after Al because he doesn't want his cousin to get in trouble, and they basically talk with the guy who broke the mirror and the girl he's with. And the girl he's with is, "Oh, you're Paper Boy," because he just made a new song called "Paper Boy." And then the screen flashes back, and because that's how they switch scenes, it flashes to a bird's eye view of the city, and it goes through wealthy, affluent areas and then houses that are beat up and aren't very nice, and that's contrasted with the large houses with pools, well-manicured gardens, stuff like that. And then it flashes to the actual city, and you see the words Atlanta in red, or the word Atlanta in red. And then you get Earn in bed, and he is listening to music on his black headphones, and he's just lying in bed. And then the girl next to him, who Van—we don't know kind of—hits him and says, "Why are you up this early?" And he's, "I don't know, I'm just listening to music." He takes off the headphones and tries to kiss her, and she says, "No, your breath smells." But then he says, "What's your breath? Curry breath? I love it." And they start kissing, and then he kisses her neck, and she asked him to tell her that he loves her, and he starts laughing. And then she pushes him off of her and says, "Why do you laugh every time I ask you to say that?" And he says, he's, "I love you, I'll say it." And she's, "Okay." And then he walks out of the bedroom shirtless and goes into a room where there's a child in a crib; the child, Lottie, is their daughter. And Van tells Earn that she has parent-teacher conferences, or she goes into the bathroom wearing a red shirt, and she says, "Can you take—remember you have Lottie tonight." And he says, "Yes," to Van, but then whispers to Lottie, "No, I didn't remember." And Van says she has parent-teacher conferences, and so she won't be back until eleven, and that she doesn't want Lottie to be at his parents' house again. And he says, "No, I won't take her to my parents'." And then he asks, "Why are you going to be out so late? What're you doing with the parents? That's weird." And she says, "Okay, I have a date." And that's interesting because you think they're together and they have a child together, but she's also dating other people. And then he says, he holds Lottie up and says, "Oh, your mom is going on a date with some guy; you're with Daddy tonight." And yeah, and then he says he'll pick Lottie up from school himself and won't drop her at his parents' house. And then we move; the screen goes black again. We're shown a scene of Earn at work; he's in an airport, a lot of people are walking by. And first of all, you see an old woman in a, in a well-dressed suit, and she is selling or getting people to subscribe to a credit card or the company credit card, and people are listening to her. She puts on a smile, she's super nice. Meanwhile, when Earn and the guy he's with ask people, they're, "Shut up." And then she kind of makes a face at Earn and his friend and is, "Look what I can do; you guys can't do anything." And then a boy comes up, and he asks if he can subscribe for it, and she's, "Yeah, if you do, I'll even throw in a free flight." And then if you keep flirting with me. And then he turns around and starts signing up, and then behind him she starts pretending to have sex with him and making faces at Earn and his friend. And Earn and his friend are, "Okay." And then his Earn's friend makes it clear that Earn is high at work, and then ask him if he's heard the new song "Paper Boy." And Earn says, "No, I haven't been caught up with that stuff lately. What is it?" And his friend pulls out his phone and shows him the music video of "Paper Boy," and Earn looks shocked and goes, "Oh, that's my cousin." And his friend goes, "Oh, she's so thick." And Earn goes, "No, not the girl. Paper Boy is my cousin. I have to go." So he leaves, and his friend is, "No, he's not your cousin." Anyways, Earn walks out, and then he's shown changed; he's wearing a backpack and kind of little boyish clothing, tee shirt and shorts, and he drives to his parents' house and knocks on the door and says, "Hi." And his parents don't look that surprised to see him. He's, "Can I come in?" They're, "No, I don't have enough money for that." And he says, "No, I'm not asking for money." And they say, "You're always asking for money; you can't stay here, you can't come in." And he's also stressed—I forgot to mention this, cause I forgot to mention this—Van asked him to pay rent if he's gonna stay with her. So then he says, "No, I'm not asking for money; I'm asking where, where Albert is." And he tells him what apartments; his dad tells him what apartments Albert is in. So determined, Earn drives over to Albert's place. Albert is sitting on a couch watching or playing a video game on a really nice TV; he's wearing all black, a gold chain and diamond earrings, and he also has a friend there. When he hears a knock on the door, he pulls out a gun, and he opens the door; there's a chain on the door, so it's not fully opened, and he holds a gun out. And when he sees it's Earn, he lets him in, and they walk in. And his friend is holding a tray of cookies and a knife, a super large knife, so indicating that if it was an enemy, he would've—I don't know—tried to stab them, versus Earn, Al's cousin, he's just gonna hand him cookies. And he hands him cookies, and Earn and Al sit down on the couch, and so does his friend. His friend seems to be praying, and Earn and Al just talk. And before Al or Earn can say anything, Al says, "You're here about Paper Boy." And Earn says, "How did you know that?" And Al says, "Because when else have I seen you? Why else would you be here?" And Earn says, "I'm not here for money; I want to be your manager." And Al says, "Do you even know what the word manager means?" And Earn says, "Where it comes from." And Earn says, "It's derived from manus, the Latin word for hands." And Al says, "Probably, but for the purpose of this, I'm gonna say manage is derived from man, and you are not a man." Basically, Earn is just, "Please, please, I still know people at 106.5," like a different radio station. And Al says, "No." So Earn leaves, and he—oh, and then all of them go to an empty field to smoke, and they're really high. They're sitting on a couch, a beat-up couch in an empty field, and they're just smoking, except Earn doesn't smoke because he's, "This is business; I'm not gonna smoke." And basically, he just tries to convince Al to take him on as his manager, and he says, "Paper Boy's really good; I know what to do; I wanna be your manager." And Al asks, "What happened at Princeton? Your three years at Princeton, what happened?" And Earn says, "I don't even know what happened." Or yeah, and then Earn walks. And then the black screen shows Earn walks into a parking lot and sees this guy Dave walk out of a car; he's carrying Starbucks drinks in a tray. And he says, "Hey, what's up?" And Dave says, "Did you just come from a dumpster?" And Earn says, "No," and makes a face, and he clearly did. And Dave says, "I didn't know you were in town. What's up?" And Earn says, "I've been pretty low-key; I haven't really talked to anyone. How are you?" And then Dave tells a story about how he was at a party the other night, and a DJ who was a friend of a friend showed up playing Flo Rida back to back, and he was, "What up, or my n-word, what are you doing?" And he's talking in a very, "What up, bro," he's trying to be very bro-y and use colloquial language. And Earn kind of makes a face when he says the n-word. And then he asks if he could play "Paper Boy," the new song, if he's heard of it. And Dave says, "Yes, I've heard of it." And Earn asks if he would play it, and Dave says, "I don't know; I can't just start playing any old songs that any guy asks me to play." And Earn says, "I'm not not any guy." And Dave says, "Yeah, basically you are any guy, so sorry, sorry, I can't give it to KP." And walks in. And then he walks in, and then you see Earn watch him walk in, and before he walks in, he's with a group of guys; he's, "What up, bro," still using very colloquial language, still using the n-word. And then he sees a janitor as Dave is walking in carrying a dumpster and says, "Hey, what's your name?" And the guy says, "Prince." And Earn says, "Oh, really? That's so cool." And then asks him, "Does he ever use the n-word when he talks to you?" And Prince says, "No, if he did, I would kick him." Then that scene ends, and you see—oh, Albert and his friend pull up in a white car to Earn's parents' house. And Earn's mom is playing with Lottie, and his dad goes over to the car. His friend is clearly very high and asks if he can measure his dad's tree. And Al gets out of the car, asks to play with Lottie, and the mom says, "No, I can smell how high you are from here." And Earn says, "No, that's just the smell of the new leather." And the mom says, "No, it's not," and goes inside. And Al asks the dad about Earn and is, "Hey, what do you think? He wants to be my manager. And what ever happened at Princeton?" And the dad says, "I don't know what happened at Princeton, but I do know that when Earn wants to do something, he puts his mind to it and is really determined." And Al kind of shrugs. And then we see Earn going into the recording studio where Dave works, and he was clearly let in by Prince. He walks past Dave, who's on the radio show. He has cash, which he got from a shoebox, a Nike shoebox with Air Maxes or something with nice shoes, and he takes the whole wad of money from it and puts money and a CD in an envelope and slips it under KP's door while Dave is kind of doing the radio show, so he's kind of going under over Dave's back—I don't know—and kind of doing things his own way. And then he is seen on a bus with Lottie in his arms; Lottie's wearing these headphones, headphones that have a crown on the top, and she's dressed in all pink, and she's sleeping while he's cradling her. He's also listening to music, and then a guy across from him makes eye contact with him and comes to sit next to him and starts talking pretty philosophically and giving him advice. And Earn's, "Okay, no thanks, I'm not gonna do that." And then the guy pulls out two slices of bread and Nutella and and starts making a Nutella sandwich and tells Earn to take a bite. And as he tells Earn to take a bite, police sirens kind of zoom by, and then Earn is, "No, I'm not gonna take a bite." And the guy's, "You have to take a bite." And the bus kind of jolts, and Earn looks over; the guy's gone. He sees the Nutella's still there, and he sees the guy walking into the woods with a dog following him, so that's kind of a weird moment. Then presumably he drops Lottie back to his house, and his mom is there looking after Lottie. Then he gets—he's in his car and he gets a call from Al saying, "Can you hear this?" And Earn says, "No." And Al says, "Turn it up. Can you hear this?" And it's "Paper Boy" playing on the radio. And Al says, or Earn says, "Yeah, I knew I'd do it," or whatever. And Al says, "Come meet me at this nightclub." So Earn goes to meet him and his friend at a nightclub. They're in a white car sitting down; Al's wearing a black tee shirt and camo pants, Earn is in the front, the friend is in the back, and it's the same scene that happened at the beginning, so it's kind of a flashback; the beginning scene didn't show it all. And so it's yeah, they're sitting there kind of talking about the song; they're all smoking, super high. And KP comes over, and they're, "Oh, you found us." Or not KP, sorry, Dave. And Dave is, or Al and Earn are, "Oh, you found us." And Dave is, "Yeah." And he goes, "Earn, Earnest, how did you, how did you get into the recording studio before 106.5?" And Earn says, "Oh, I know someone; it's all about the people you know." And Dave says, "KP was pretty mad about that. Why did you do that?" And Earn says, "He's clearly not mad about it, cause he's playing the song on the radio." And then Earn says, "Oh, Dave, tell that Flo Rida story you told me before; it was so funny." And Dave laughs and says, kind of professionally or not professionally but kind of less colloquially, "I was at a thing a few weeks ago; a friend of a friend was the DJ, and he played Flo Rida twice in a row, and I was, 'Really?'" And so he doesn't use the n-word in that circumstance. And Earn kind of realizes that. And then the guy in the backseat is kind of, "Oh, I like Flo Rida. Yeah, oh." And before this, Earn says, "Why do I always seem to lose? Do I just exist in the world so that other people can win?" Anyways, so back to the car scene. Yeah, Dave kind of walks away, and they're listening to "Paper Boy," and Earn says, "This is a really good song." And Al says, "I hate this song," and turns it off. And they're just sitting there, really high. And the guy in the white shirt or a girl walks by, and Al screams out, "Bitch!" She swears back at him, and he or no, Al screams out something, and she screams out, "Bitch!" And he swears back at her. And they're kind of just sitting there, and the guy in the white shirt walks by and takes or breaks the car mirror. And Earn and Al is ready to get out of the car, and he tries to take the money, and Earn says, "No, don't mess with the money." So Al gets out of the car, Earn brings a gun, and they get into a fight with the girl and the guy, the fight that we saw at the beginning. And we don't see what happened at the end of the fight, but we—it switches to a different scene of Earn's girl Van walking into the house, and she sees Earn's mom. And Earn's mom if it or Earn had worked to do I am—and then she leaves. And Van is nicely dressed, an orange dress, earrings, and Earn's mom leaves after telling Van that Lottie was put to bed. And the TV is on CNN or breaking news, and there's first a news story playing, then a woman comes on and says, "There was a shooting in this county, and the two suspects are now in custody, and they are Paper Boy and Earnest." And Van is, "Oh, what idiots." And both their faces flash on the screen, and then the episode ends.