The episode starts off with Paper Boy, Earn, and Darius in the car outside of a nightclub. And another guy walks by the car and kicks off the side mirror. He's with his girlfriend, and Alfred gets mad and runs out of the car, confronts the guy—confronts the guy who broke the mirror—and puts a gun to his chest. Then Earn is trying to stop Paper Boy from doing this. And Darius, who's really high—who seems to be really high all the time—actually says, "This feels deja vu." And he looks around and he sees this dog. Scene cuts. Next scene starts with Earn and his baby's mom in bed, and the girl—I forget her name—says that she has a parent-teacher conference tonight, so Earn has to watch Lottie, their baby. Earn says, "Okay." Earn tries to start hitting on the girl again, but the girl pushes him off because Earn doesn't say that he loves her, something that. Then they both leave the bed. Earn starts playing with Lottie. And the girl says she's gonna be home late tonight around eleven because she has parent-teacher conferences and then a date. Next cut scene: Earn's working at an airport as a flight sales—flight sales guy. Him and his friend are obviously not very good at their job; they keep losing out to this one another old black lady who is super friendly, knows how to market to the people in the airport. And the most important part of this scene is that Earn's friend tells him—Earn's friend shows him Paper Boy. Sorry, actually the beginning of the episode it turns out to be how the episode ends, and they just flash it at the beginning. So Earn's friend tells him that there's this new rapper named Paper Boy. Earn says he doesn't know who he is, so his friend pulls up the song, starts showing him. And Earn realizes that it's his cousin. So the cousin recommends that he better get in on that because Paper Boy's gonna start making a lotta money soon. Then the scene cuts with Earn saying, "Alright, I'll see you later," and he leaves. Next cut scene: Earn arrives at his parents' house, and his parents obviously are not very welcome to him because all he does is bum off their house or ask them for money. So his dad actually doesn't invite him in. Earn tells him—tells asks him if they could pick his daughter up later 'cause his baby mama's coming home later that night. And he asks where Alfred, who is Paper Boy, is right now. And the dad tells Earn where Paper Boy is. So next scene cuts to Paper Boy—no, sorry, Earn goes to Paper Boy's house. And there's a brief scene inside Paper Boy's house with Darius, who's cooking, baking cookies, and trying to drink some milk. And I remember him asking Alfred if the milk's good to drink or if the milk's good, and Alfred says, "What for?" And he says, "To drink." And he says, "Nah, you shouldn't drink that," so he doesn't. Then there's a knock on the door. Alfred opens it immediately with a gun, and he's pointing the gun at Earn. Earn says, "What's up?" And they go inside. Darius is waiting around the corner with a plate of cookies and a knife to potentially shank the guy when he walks up. And Alfred introduces Darius to Earn. Then Alfred knows why Earn's here, so goes straight to the point. He says, "You want to get in on Paper Boy?" And Earn says, "Nah, I just wanna"—Earn tries to deny it, I think at first. And then Paper Boy just says, "Let me know why you're here, just get to the point." And so Earn says he wants to be his manager. Alfred says he doesn't need a manager. And at four thirty—oh yeah, at four thirty—they realize that they missed four twenty, which is when they usually go out to smoke. So they're smoking outside at their backyard or their front yard. Earn's trying to convince Alfred to let him be his manager. Alfred doesn't want in on it because he's annoyed that people are just trying to get in on Paper Boy for money. So Earn gives Alfred some advice: his tracks, his album's too long, so he'd cut it. And then Alfred says, "Well, that's why you're not my manager," and he leaves. And Earn's still trying to convince Alfred in letting him be his manager. And then Alfred says, "I haven't seen or heard from you since my mom's funeral, and the first thing I heard from you today is 'let's get rich,'" so he's pissed. He goes inside. Earn leaves. Earn goes to the radio station, runs into an old friend—super white dude who thinks he can fling around the n-word. And the white friend works at the radio station as a DJ, and he tells this stupid story to Earn that ends with him saying, "Really, n-word?" And then he goes inside. So Earn, who's—then Earn asks him to play Paper Boy. And I forget his last name, Dave, anyways. The guy, the white guy, goes back inside, and he says the head DJ, KP, is in charge of picking all the tracks, so he can try to recommend it to him but it probably won't work. So Earn runs into the custodian who's taking out the garbage, and he asks him how long he's staying, so he's pretty much looking for a way into the building. And so he gets in somehow. He takes—sorry, cut scene. Next cut scene opens with Alfred. He goes to Earn's parents' house, so that's his uncle and aunt. And the aunt doesn't obviously approve of him 'cause he's always high, smoking. And the dad greets him, and Alfred tells the dad that Earn wants to be his manager, but that he doesn't trust him. Dad says, "I agree." Dad says, "No, I understand." But then he tells him that Earn's different because when he wants to get something done, he gets it done. So cut scene to Earn, who takes the money out of his shoes—out of his shoes that he kept storing in his room. And then he takes the money, attaches it to the CD. He's let in by the custodian, and then he goes straight into the DJ's area, walks past the white dude who's this little DJ, to KP's office. And then he slides the mixtape and the money under KP's door. And then cut scene again. So the premise of all of this is that Earn is broke, he doesn't have a place to stay 'cause his baby mama's gonna kick him out. And his parents don't want him staying there, so he's doing this to try to get a job. Things work out. He and the next cut scene is Earn on a bus. He's with his baby Lottie, and this pastor-looking guy in a tan suit asks him why his—why his mind's racing. Earn tells him that he feels just he keeps losing, and maybe there's just people in the universe that are losers who exist just to balance out the winners. The pastor says—pastor speaks in this weird proverbs—and he's also doing this weird thing by putting Nutella on two pieces of white bread on the bus. So he makes the sandwich and he says, "Bite this sandwich," to Earn. Earn says, "Nah, I'm good." And the pastor says something, kinda sounds authoritative at first, for a second, I forget what he says. And then sirens blow by the bus—sirens blow by the bus. And then when he turns back around from looking at the sirens, Earn—he sees the pastor, and the pastor just left the bus pretty quick. It was kinda weird. And he goes into this wood area with the dog, I think, who Darius saw at the beginning of the episode. So Earn's thinking that that's kinda weird, and he pulls out his phone to text his girl. And then the text message says, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And he's conflicted on whether to send it or not when he gets a call from Alfred. And Alfred's playing the Paper Boy track, which is playing on the radio, and he says, "Do you hear this?" So Earn says, "What?" 'cause he knows he submitted it. And then he turns it up. So Paper Boy's saying, "Hey, my song's on the radio, so you obviously did something right." And he says, "Come to where I am, we gotta talk." And Earn says, "A manager?" And Paper Boy says, "No, calm your ass down." So scene cuts. And then Earn walks up to the car. So we're now back at the beginning of the episode, and we're gonna conclude. Earn steps into the car. They're outside the nightclub, they're bumping Paper Boy, they're all smoking. Earn didn't smoke before because he said he was doing managing, but now he's down to smoke with Paper Boy. Paper Boy, they're all bumping music. The white DJ who he saw earlier—who Earn saw earlier—comes back and says that was pretty unprofessional and that KP's mad. And Earn says, "KP can't be that mad 'cause he's playing the song," so he has a point there. And Earn tells the white guy to say—white, he said to him, "Tell him the story that he said earlier," 'cause he wants to see how Paper Boy's gonna react to the white guy saying the n-word. And then the white guy chickens out and he doesn't say the n-word, so it just ends up being a stupid story. Darius is really baked in the back, and he says, "Well, I like Flo Rida." And white guy goes back in. This girl walks out of the club, and Alfred tries to catcall at her. And she doesn't want any of it. And then they're just chilling in the car when the girl comes back with her boyfriend. The boyfriend kicks off the side mirror. And then so now we're back at the beginning, and there's obviously a gunshot, so we assume that Paper Boy shot the guy. And Earn's baby mama comes back home, sees on the news that Paper Boy and Earn are now suspects in the shooting. And yeah, the scene ends with the episode ends with her saying, "Idiots."