So last week's episode of Atlanta opened with an altercation at what originally seemed a gas station sort of parking space. It's looks like it's a parking area; it's out of a store or whatever. But essentially, the actual show opens with Paper Boy—or I think his name was Earnest, unless it was well, Paper Boy the rapper's car window was essentially hit and broken. So he steps out of the car, at which point the main character, which I am blanking on his name right now, but he essentially follows out as well. And there's this sort of altercation with another man and a woman with him, and we learn more about this later in the episode. But then the scene sort of pulls out and ends with the sound of a gunshot, and then it cuts to the intro with music playing. Essentially, there's all of these scenes of a bird's eye view of different places in a city with buildings or or more sort of properly focused locations, basketball courts, that sort of thing. Then I believe it cuts to the main character—actually, no, the main character's name was Earnest—so it cuts to his waking up in bed with presumably his girlfriend. And I think he talks through a dream that he had just woken up about, in which he's under water of some sorts and recalls a woman in his in his dream telling him not to swim too close to the bottom because I think the hand like seaweed that he was dreaming about could've pulled him down. But essentially, he talks to his the girl in bed with him. She asks him jokingly, it seems, about the woman in his dream, and then it's a loving scene. They start kissing, and she pauses to ask him if he loves her, and he sort of chuckles and continues on. She pulls back, at which point that sort of mood and scene ends, and she gets out of bed. He gets up, and she steps in the bathroom to take down her hair, seems just go through her morning routine. He goes into the next room, at which point you see his daughter, so their baby in her crib. Earnest's girlfriend then mentions having a date that night and meeting him to take care of the child. And then following back, I wanna say you, it cuts to Earnest at work, at which point yeah, so he works at an airport, seems to be a salesperson of some sort trying to get people to sign up for a service or something and is not doing so well. You just him and his friend are sort of onlookers to to how how good an older woman that they're working with sort of outsells them. And then Earnest's friend brings up Paper Boy, just an up and coming rapper who turns out to be Earnest's cousin. Earnest leaves the airport at that point. I think before it goes to Earnest at work, he stops by his parents' house. He sort of just comes up to the front and speaks to his dad kinda through the door; his mom is inside. There seems to be sort of distance there; he never steps in the actual house. His dad kind of has this understanding that Earnest would be coming to see him for money, so it doesn't appear that he's really adamant about letting him in side. And then there's a mention of I think Earnest having maybe once attended, I wanna say Princeton, or essentially there's he might've gone off to school, may not have completed that; we don't really know about that yet. And then it goes to his working at the airport, and then after that scene he it cuts back to him sort of going back to well, it cuts into Paper Boy's sort of home. Paper Boy or Alfred, and he's inside sitting in the couch. I think he's rolling something to smoke, and his friend is comes out of the kitchen in an apron and asks him whether or not the milk is good to drink or to use in the kitchen, I'm assuming. And then it's spoiled, so no, but he's in an apron, he's doing what he does. And then there's a knock at the door, and then so Paper Boy sort of gets ready for it, maybe being some sort of altercation or something, but they're prepared for anything. So then all you see is cuts out to Earnest at the front door and a sort of gun just being held through the little space between the door and the door frame at him, at which point Paper realizes it's Earnest and opens the door. So Earnest comes in, and then Alfred slash Paper Boy's friend who was there offers him a cookie. They end up sitting down, and I think Alfred has this assumption that Earnest was coming to see him because his rap career is flourishing in some ways or people are starting to to pick up on his music and stuff. And then Earnest makes the proposition about potentially managing Paper Boy as an artist. It gets to be a certain time, so they end up going outside to this grassy area where they're smoking and sort of sitting on this on this couch that's also for some reason outside. And they're continuing this conversation about about Earnest, you know, wanting to manage Paper Boy, and there seems to be some hostility there, so ultimately they don't agree as of yet. And I think that following that, maybe I think it cuts to the scene where Alfred goes to Earnest's parents' home, at which point you see Earnest's mom with his child outside and his dad coming out to to sort of see Alfred. And there seems to be more of a relationship there than there was maybe when Earnest came to see his parents and stuff, but he ends up coming to Earnest's parents about Earnest's proposition. And there seems to both parties, so Earnest's parents and Alfred seem to have an understanding that that there's some distance between them. And then Earnest essentially, when it comes to this Princeton thing that keeps getting mentioned, but ultimately I think his father states that when Earnest puts his mind to something he'll get it done but on his own terms. So I think at that point, Paper Boy has his realization, a sort of realization, maybe giving him a chance. Then there's an interaction between Alfred's friend and Earnest's father, what I think quite clearly maybe intoxicated or high or something; he was making remarks about I think the tree in front of the house or something. But then essentially after this, you see an interaction between Earnest and Dave. Yeah, so Dave, so there's a white male in the parking lot of what turns out to be a radio show, so it's clear that there's a friendship or at least they were potentially they haven't seen each other in a while. Then Dave tells Earnest the story about a party the night before, in which he talks about the DJ having played I think Flo Rida on back to back, and so he pulled them aside and said the n-word to him. So then Earnest sort of just moves on to the conversation and asks him to I think play or essentially how he could get the tape onto the radio, presumably Paper Boy's mixtape or his new song. And Dave ends up telling him I think he needs five hundred dollars or a certain amount of money with the tape, and then he would get it up to his boss. But then as Dave enters the building, Earnest sees one of the kind of custodial workers for the for the radio place, and his name was Prince, I think. And then they sort of make small talk; he asks him if Dave had ever said the n-word around him, and then he asks him how late he's gonna be there that day. Following this, following this, I think at one point Earnest gets you see money and the in a shoebox, and it seems though Earnest takes his money out of the shoebox, maybe that he had saved up or something. And essentially does come to the studio later at night, is let in by this custodial worker and slips the tape with money underneath sort of the the head's office door. And Dave is in the studio; I think he is a bit confused, but I think they go through that later. Then Earnest is on his way, so Earnest goes to pick up his daughter who his mom was looking after, and they're on their way home bus. And it seems like Earnest is also really down, like bummed probably by his situation overall. I think this might happen, no no no, yeah, so then he's on the bus with his daughter; his daughter's asleep, he's pretty bummed. And then there's this this man in a suit, there's a bald man in a suit right across from him. I think he sort of tells him you look like something's going on, talk to me, and then he sits next to him and he starts making a sandwich. Earnest, I forgot what Earnest had said to him, but ultimately he some sirens kind of go by on the window outside, and then when Earnest turns back around, the man is no longer there and it's just the sandwich in the seat. And then when he looks outside, the man is sort of just looks like he's walking into the the woods, like kinda like the tree area, and with a dog alongside him. And then Earnest receives a phone call, and it's from Alfred, from Paper Boy, and he's essentially really excited cause he hears the song on the radio, and Earnest knows that that he had done that. And so Paper Boy calls him over and says to meet him somewhere, so so they can talk possibly potentially about the management thing. So then Earnest goes, and at this point, Paper Boy's in his car with the music blasting and his friend in the backseat, and then Earnest comes in the passenger side, and they're smoking. And a woman walks by, and Alfred, Paper Boy, essentially catcalls her or calls out to her, and she sort of really blatantly turns him down. And so then Earnest and Paper Boy are talking; Dave for some reason is also there and pulls up to the window, at which point Earnest had him tell Paper Boy the story from the night before, and he told it differently, not using the n-word this time. So it's interesting cause you see that change kinda depending on who he was talking to and potentially telling him about his relationship or with Earnest. But then ultimately, Dave walks away again, and this is sort of when it cuts into the same scene that the episode opens with, and the side mirror's broken by a man walking by. But then it seems that this man is with the woman who had just walked by and Paper Boy had catcalled. And then the same sort of thing happens when Paper Boy gets out of the car, but you see the moments leading up to it. So he reaches in his glove compartment for a gun, but Earnest doesn't, he doesn't take it out. I think he gets to the car, Earnest gets out of the car, and I think Earnest grabs the the gun that was in the glove compartment. So now they're sort of facing this man and this woman; everyone's sort of armed and you know angry, and there's an altercation going on. And then there's a the same gunshot as before, but then it cuts to the scene where Earnest's girlfriend or the mother of his child comes home to find the baby had been taken or was being taken care of by Earnest's mother, who had just left, had put her to sleep. And then as she sort of you know and then taking the other changing and all of that, she sees on the TV on the news that there's just been a shooting. And then this picture of Earnest and his cousin Alfred come up on the screen, and it says that there's a shooting and there's one, and how Alfred and Earnest had been detained, but there's one wounded individual still at large. And that's where the episode ended with her character saying idiot and essentially disappointed in the fact.