Okay, so basically, the beginning of the episode is in the parking lot of the gas station. And then there's the characters Paper Boy, Earnest, and Damian—it's Damian or Darius, it's the guy who's always high. And then there—they got in a fight over some random guy; I don't think we ever learned his name. They got in a fight over—they were getting in a fight over the fact that one of the other guys had knocked off the rear view mirror of his car, and basically that's how it starts. And all you see is them arguing, everyone's pulling out guns. And then the camera pulls up to a aerial shot. You see—you hear a gun shot, and the screen goes black. And right before that, Earnest, who's the main character, sees a dog. And it's the same dog—it comes into play later, but apparently it's the same dog as this other weird guy that he met on the subway, or the bus, basically. So then you see the screen go black, and after that, I think it was a bunch of aerial shots of the city. First it would show a really well-to-do neighborhood, and it would show a really broken-down neighborhood. And there was a shot of the highway. And then at one point, I don't remember exactly when, but it was either before or after the aerial shot, you see the screen of "Atlanta," which is the name of the show. Okay, and then after that—it must've been that you see Atlanta after the aerial shots, because after that you're in the apartment of Earnest, and he's sleeping. He's—no, he's not sleeping, he's awake. He's listening to music, and he's in bed with his girlfriend. So he's listening to music, and then you see his girlfriend's arm come up and smack him in the face, I don't know, 'cause she's just waking up. And she asks him why he's awake. He tells her about a weird dream that he had. I don't know the girlfriend's name. In his dream, he was swimming in the sea, and there was seaweed, except there wasn't seaweed, it was hands. And there was a girl who was telling him to just keep swimming, and then—or he's—the hands would drag him down and drown him. And the girl, she's like, "This is a dumb dream," basically. But she was like, "Oh, was the girl a ho? Did you guys make out?" And first, the guy, Earnest, says, "No, she wasn't, she was ugly and fat." And then he's like, "Yeah, we made out in the dream." And she's jealous, but not really jealous, you can tell there's some other stuff going on there. And then they start kissing, and things are getting heated. And then, all of a sudden she says, "Say you love me." And he laughs, and she says, "Why did you laugh?" And then she gets out of bed, and she's like—or she says something like, "Say you love me," or whatever. And then she gets out of bed, and he—she's taking her hair out of her wrap. And he goes into his daughter's room. You find out that she—they have a daughter together. Dang it, I forgot the daughter's name—Lola, something with an L, I think. Anyway, he's talking with his little daughter while the girlfriend is getting her hair out. And she tells him that she's gonna be home—first, she says that she has parent-teacher conferences, and then so I think that she's a teacher. Yeah, she must be a teacher. Then, so—except maybe I was thinking they had an older child who would be at parent-teacher conferences, but no, I think that the girlfriend is a teacher, and she's meeting with parents, now that I think about it. Anyway, so she takes her hair—sorry, she's taking her hair out, and they're talking. And she's like, "Oh, I'm gonna be home late. I'm gonna be home around eleven." And Earnest is holding the his daughter, and then he's like, "Oh, what are you doing? Are you taking the parents out for a night on the town?" or whatever. And she's like, "No, I have a date." And then the—it's kind of—he's like, "A date? Oh, okay, whatever." But you can tell it bothers him. And he talks to his daughter about it, like, "Mommy's going on a date with some crazy guy," or whatever. I don't remember the exact words, but basically that happens. And then the girlfriend tells him that she—no, that was earlier. The girlfriend tells him that he—it's his turn to take care of Lola—I think that's the name of the daughter, Lola, maybe. Yeah, and then I think next scene is the Earnest and his coworker at work. And they work for an airplane—an airline that's trying to sell their credit card. They're trying to get people to sign up for the credit card. And the two of them are talking about—well, first they're talking about a party. The other guy that's not Earnest—I don't remember his name. They're talking about a party, and then Earnest is like, "Oh, we don't sign anyone up for credit card because we're not an old lady like her." And then there's an older woman who's signing people up for credit cards, and kinda flirting with them. Anyways, their conversation goes back to Earnest and the other guy, and then the other guy's like, "Oh, have you heard of this new song's called Paper Boy?" And then he shows him the video. And Earnest is like, "Oh yeah, it's my cousin." And the other guy thinks that he means one of the dancers in the video is his cousin. He's like, "Wow, your cousin's thick." And then Earnest's like, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." They're like, "Oh, you gotta get in on that. He's gonna be signing a contract. He's gonna be making a ton of money." And that makes Earnest think for a little bit, and he's like, "I gotta go." And then he leaves work. He shows up at his parents' house. And his parents don't let him in the house because they say—his dad's like, "I can't afford it." And I think that the only reason that he went there was to find out where his cousin was staying, to find out where Paper Boy was staying. And also he asks them to take care of Lola tonight, which is his daughter, who I think is named Lola, which is something that the girlfriend asked him not to do, but he does. So he—then the next shot, or the next scene after that, is him—he's got a little backpack on. It's so funny, he looks so—everyone else is in chains and baggie t-shirts, or whatever, and he's got his little red polo and a backpack; it's kind of cute. So next he goes to his parents' apartment. Well, first you see the inside of Paper Boy's apartment. He's playing a video game or something. And then he has his friend, Dominic—it's Dominic, yeah. So he and Dominic are just hanging out in the apartment, and one—Dominic asks him if the milk is expired, if it's okay to drink. And Paper Boy's like, "No, man." Then he was like, "What are you using it for? You can't drink that, it's expired," basically. And then you see Earnest go and knock on the door. Paper Boy—I don't remember his real name, they definitely said it, but I don't remember it anymore—Paper Boy opens the door, and he has a gun pointed at Earnest. And then he's like, "Oh, it's Earnest." And then Earnest's like, "Oh, you guys are really for real here." And then they walk up into the apartment. Dominic is holding a knife and a plate of cookies, and offers—after Paper Boy tells him that Earnest is okay, then Dominic offers Earnest a cookie. And then Earnest is like, "Oh, okay." Well, Paper Boy, basically, is right away like, "Oh, you wanna get in on Paper Boy?" Earnest is like, "No, no, no." And then eventually it comes to light that that's kind of what he's there for. They all go outside on the couch. They're like, "Oh, it's four thirty, we're gonna be late." And what they meant is they're gonna be late for getting high in their backyard, I guess. They're all sitting on this yellow, worn-down couch, and Dominic on the outside, Paper Boy in the middle, Earnest on the inside. And Earnest is like, "I'm gonna be your manager." Paper Boy's like, "I don't need a manager," and whatever. And then he's like—Earnest is like, "Oh, what, is Dominic your manager?" And Dominic's, you know, not the sharpest guy ever, basically. Eventually they got—they keep arguing, and then Paper Boy's like, "The last time I saw you was at my mother's funeral. Just get out. I don't want you a part of this. Walk away." But Dominic—Earnest isn't giving up. He goes and talks to someone named Dave, a really white guy named Dave. And he's like, "Oh, can you—" you know, obviously he and Dave are friends somehow; I don't actually know why they're friends. So then he—and he's like, "Oh, Dave, would you be able to play this? Give this record to whatever so it can be played on the radio for me." And he's like, "Oh, no, I can't do that unless—I need a little bit of a bribe." And at first, Earnest thinks the bribe as something that the radio guy wants, but it's actually just something that Dave wants. He wants five hundred dollars to play the track, yeah. And so after that, Dave's like, "Sorry, can't help you unless you have five hundred dollars." And so, but Earnest is like, "I don't have five hundred dollars. I have to pay rent. I have to take care of all this other stuff." And so, basically, he goes and talks to the janitor, gets the janitor to sneak him into the building, and sneaks. And then Dave sees him, so I guess maybe it was just to show Dave that he could get in without him. And then he takes the CD with five hundred dollars, and puts it in a mail envelope and slides it underneath somebody's door. I don't know exactly whose door it was, KC or something, I think. And then basically, later, he's on the bus. He's on the bus, this weird other guy is sitting next to him, and he starts talking about random stuff. I don't know, very philosophical sounding stuff, but it was just kinda weird. He's making a Nutella sandwich while Earnest starts talking about how he thinks he's just meant to be the person in life—there are some people in life who their only goal is to lose. Or their only purpose is just to keep losing and be the losers, or whatever, and he thinks that's him. He's holding his daughter too, so he must've just picked her up from her parents' house. And—oh wait, before this—before that, Paper Boy goes and talks to Earnest's parents. And Earnest's mom is playing with Lola. And Paper Boy's like—oh, well first, he's like, "Oh, let me talk to Lola," whatever. And then Earnest's mom is like, "Oh, no, you guys are high. She's gonna get a high just from being around you," and whatever. And then he talks to Earnest's dad, and he says, "Earnest wants to be my manager, but I don't think I trust him." And then the dad says, basically, "If Earnest has his mind set to something, he's going to do it." And then also something that's like—Paper Boy's like, "Oh, whatever happened to Princeton?" And I think he said Princeton, so I think that means that Earnest was—he got into Princeton, he went to Princeton, he had to drop out of Princeton, something like that, which is something that was interesting. After that—and then that's the scene. After that is the scene on the bus where the weird guy comes. And he's like—Earnest is holding Lola. The weird guy is making a Nutella and white bread sandwich, and talking about how—Earnest is talking about how he is always the loser. The other guy just starts speaking kinda nonsense, and Earnest is like—and then the guy's like, "Take a bite of this sandwich that I just made." And Earnest is like, "No thanks." And then the guy—police cars come by, sirens go by the bus, and Earnest is like, "Wait, what?" And when he looks back, he looks over his shoulder. And then when he looks back, the weird guy is disappearing into the woods with his dog, which is the same dog that you see at the end of the episode. Okay, so basically, because of that five hundred dollars, he's still on the bus. He's typing out a text to his girlfriend, and it says, "I love you. I'm sorry. Can we talk when I get home?" something like that, similar to that. And just as—before he hits send, his phone rings from his—Paper Boy, his cousin. And they're like, "Oh my god, they're playing my song." And he's like, "Come and talk to us. I want you to be my manager." Basically, he doesn't actually say that, but that's kinda the—what people—that's what you get from it, is that he wants him to be his manager. And so he drops Lola off at his house with his mom, asks his mom to come watch Lola. I mean, you would figure—I mean you don't see that, but that's—you can tell from later. And then he goes back to talk with Paper Boy, and is sitting in the car with Paper Boy and Dominic, and they're all getting high and they're listening to the song. And then Paper Boy turns off the song and is like, "I kinda hate this song," or whatever. And then he catcalls a girl, and the girl yells back at him, and they're all just kinda feeling themselves, or whatever. And then this random other guy walks by, kicks off the rear view mirror. And Paper Boy gets out of the car and is like, "What the heck? What the heck?" And then Earnest gets out too. And he's like, "Wait, no, don't ruin the money," 'cause if he gets in jail, or shot, or something like that, it's big break; he's not gonna make it, or whatever. And so then you just see them fighting, and—or the beginning of the fight, you see Paper Boy chasing down the other person, being like, "I'm gonna need cash for this rear view mirror, I'm gonna need money." And then it cuts back to the girlfriend getting home. The mom leaves, but she leaves—she's been watching the news. Earnest's mom, who's watching Lola, leaves, but she's watching the news, so the news is still on. And then Lola—or no, the girlfriend is like, you know, whatever. She sees the news, and then all of a sudden, in other news on the on the TV, it's like, "In other news, there was a shooting in Georgia tonight, or in Atlanta tonight in front a gas station." And then it's like, "We identified the two people who have been arrested for the shooting," something like that. Two people were arrested, basically. It's Earnest and Paper Boy. And then the girlfriend just goes, "Idiots," or whatever. And that is the end of the episode.