So the episode started off in front of a liquor store, and you saw a white car in front of it, and the Paper Boy song was playing on the radio. And then all of a sudden, you start hearing this one guy in the car scream. And then Earn got out of the car and started screaming his name, Alfred. And then they went up and started talking to this one guy and this girl. And Alfred pulled a gun on the guy, and was saying he wanted money for the mirror that he kicked off his car. So he pulled his gun out, and then Earn pulled his out. And then the guy that they were trying to get money from showed that he had a gun at the same time. And he kept saying he wasn't going to give them money or whatever. And then it kind of zoomed out. Or no, also Darius was with them, and he kept looking to the side, and he saw this one dog. And he knew that the dog was gonna be there, and he said that it felt like deja vu. And he was really confused, and he had a weird look on his face. And Earn had a weird look like they knew something was gonna happen. And then it zoomed out to a bird's eye view, and then you just hear a gunshot go off. And then there was a transition, and it was another bird's eye view of all these houses. They were in a good neighborhood, but one of the houses was torn down. And then it showed Earn waking up next to a girl whose name I can't remember, and he had his headphones on and he was listening to music. And she hit him in the face with her hand and was like, "Are you awake right now?" And he started telling her about his dream. And he was saying that he was in the ocean and there was seaweed, but instead of just seaweed it had hands. And there was a girl with him who was fat and ugly, but he was just saying that so his girlfriend kind of wouldn't get mad. And then he was explaining that story to her, and she was kind of discussing. She assumed he and the girl started making out after, and he didn't deny it. And then so yeah, he said they were, and she said, "Oh, I know you." And then they started making out, and she was like, "Oh no, I have morning breath." And then she said, "Tell me you love me," and he just kind of laughed. And she was like, "Why are you laughing?" And he said, "You always ask me to say that, and I always say I love you." And then eventually he said, "I love you," and kind of had a sarcastic smile. Then he got out of bed, went to pick up his daughter Lottie, I think. And the mom started saying that if he was gonna keep staying there, that he was gonna have to help for rent. And he said, "That's fine, I'll give you money tonight." And then she was saying that she had parent-teacher conferences, so he had to take their daughter, which he forgot about. And he asked what time she'll be home, and she said eleven. And he was like, "Isn't that kind of late for parent-teacher conferences?" But then turned out she was going on a date. And then the next scene, I think he went to his parents' house, or Earn went to his parents' house. And he—the dad opened the door, he wouldn't let him inside though 'cause he knew he was just gonna ask for money. And the mom was in the house doing stuff and saying that he didn't flush the toilet the last time he was there. So you could tell the parents knew he was a slacker and needed to step his game up. And he was asking where Alfred was. Oh wait, no—before this scene happened, he was in an airport doing some—I don't know exactly what his job was—with his partner. I think his name was Swift, was what it said on his name tag. And they couldn't get any customers to come by. He wanted to talk to someone, and he just said, "Fuck off," and kept on walking. And then Earn was like, "I'm not gonna get any customers unless I'm an old lady." And then he glances across a row of seats, and you saw an older woman selling the same card that they were. And she was getting this one younger guy to sign up, and she was like, she'll keep selling as long as he keeps flirting with her, or something. And then she looks over at Earn and Swift, and she kind of started dancing provocatively behind the guy while he was signing up for the card. And then Swift asked Earn if he'd heard Paper Boy's new song. And he said, "No, I haven't really been keeping up." And he showed him the music video, and Earn goes, "That's my cousin," meaning Paper Boy. And then Swift said something about how he should go sign him before he gets too big. So that's when Earn decided he wanted to manage Alfred. So then he went to his parents' house and he was looking for Alfred, then all that stuff that I said before went down. And then he—oh, and then he asked where Alfred lived, and his dad said he lives in the Glenwood apartments. So then it shows Earn walking through that neighborhood, which wasn't a very safe neighborhood. There were guy drinking outside by their car. And then he knocks on Alfred's door, and Alfred opened it, and it was just a gun to Earn's face. And then he saw that it was his cousin, and he let him in. And then you turn the corner and you see Darius behind the corner of the wall in an apron holding a plate of cookies. And he had knife, so he was ready to back up Alfred if he needed. And then Alfred was like, "Nah, it's cool, he's my cousin." And he came in, and they all sat down. Prior to this, Alfred was playing video games on his big TV screen, and that's when Earn knocked on the door, so they went back down to sit on that couch. Alfred was rolling a blunt, and Earn was trying to talk to him, seriously talk to him about business, saying he wanted to be his manager. And then Darius was like, "Oh, Alfred, it's four thirty, we're late." And then the next scene shows them outside on the couch smoking. And Darius said something—oh, he was saying how if only rats could be phones, 'cause there's five rats for every person, and phones would be super cheap. Well then he was talking all that gibberish, Earn was trying to smoke and, "Here, you should smoke." And he was like, "No, I'm talking business," he didn't wanna get high. And then Darius and Alfred were like, "If you wanna be in the music business, you wanna be a manager, and you can't talk business while high, that's not good." But well, he kept talking, saying he knew people and he could help Alfred and him both become rich, and Darius. And he said, "We'll be set, our kids will be set." And then Alfred got kind of upset, and he was like, "The last time you talked to me was at my mother's funeral, and now you want to talk about getting rich." So he was like "No," he didn't wanna work with him, he didn't think he was serious about it. He thought he just wanted money, 'cause, I mean, he was saying he's homeless. And Earn was saying, "No, I'm not really homeless." And then so Alfred was like, "No, we're not doing that." So then it showed the next scene; Earn was in a parking lot of the radio station, I guess it was. And he goes up to this guy who's getting out of the car with Starbucks in his hands. I forget his name, I think it may have been Chris or something, a white guy. And they started talking, and Earn was saying, "Oh, have you heard that Paper Boy song?" And Chris—I'm just going to go with his name is Chris—he was saying, "Yeah, I heard it, it was good, I think." And then he was telling his story about how he was at the club the night before, and he wishes that Earn was there, 'cause they needed a serious DJ, 'cause this one was just ruining the event and played Flo Rida back to back. And then when he told the story to Earn, he said he went up to the DJ and pulled him aside and was like, "Really?" and called him the n-word. And Earn was like, "Oh, you really said that?" And he was like, "Yeah, I did." And then Earn was trying to say, "If you could get KC to play Paper Boy's song, then that'd really help him out," or whatever. And then the guy was like, "No, it's really hard to do, you can't just—" he doesn't make the rules, he has to go through KC. So then he started walking inside and was basically no help at all. He said, "See you later, Earn," and then walked into the building where he met up with three other guys. And then as they were dapping each other up saying hi, a janitor came by pushing trash. His name was Prince. Earn went up to him, said, "What's your name?" He said, "Prince." And Earn was like, "Oh, really?" And then he asked him if Chris ever said the n-word around him. And Prince said no, if he did, he'd, I don't know, beat him up something. And then Earn asked how late he'd be staying that night at work. And then the janitor let him into the building. And that's when he went to go find Chris in the studio, and he had Paper Boy's CD and five hundred dollars. Oh, that happened before—Paper Boy or Earn asked Chris how much it would cost, and he said half a stack. And Earn was like, "Obviously I don't have enough money for that." But he managed; he went into his savings in his Jordans box and pulled out five hundred bucks, put that with the CD, brought it into the studio. And then Chris was like, "Go ahead." So he slid it under KC's door in a manilla envelope and then left. And then—oh, and then I think Earn was with—or no—oh, I think—then I think it was Earn was on the bus holding his daughter. And she had her pink headphones with a crown on connected to his phone, and he had his headphones on. And there was this kinda mysterious, very philosophical guy in a brown jacket holding a thing of Nutella. And he came and sat next to him, and he started asking him, "It looks like your mind is wandering." He started asking him about everything, and Earn was saying how it seems like some people are just put on this earth to make other people better, or to make other people look better while others succeed. And it just seems like he keeps losing over and over again. And this guy—he's putting spreading Nutella on bread. And just in the middle of their conversation he's like, "Bite this sandwich." And Earn is like, "No." And he's like, "Bite the sandwich." And then you see police sirens, and then the cop speeds past the bus. And then Earn looks at it out the window. And when he turns back around the man in the jacket is gone, but the Nutella's still there. And then he sees the man walking off the bus. He goes outside, kind of looks like he's just walking into the bushes, but then you see the dog that was introduced in the first scene. You see that man walking with the dog out into the bushes, just into the darkness. And Earn just looked really confused. And then—oh, and then he gets a call from Paper Boy, and he says, "Oh, can you hear that? Can you hear that?" And it's his song playing on the radio. And so then he's like, "Earn, we need to talk, get over here." So that's when Earn goes to meet up with Earn and Darius, and they're in the white car outside of the liquor store. Or no, no, no—before this happens, so before the bus scene, it shows Alfred, who goes to Earn's parents' house. And he pulls up with Darius, and they're playing some music. And the dad's outside, and the mom is there with Lottie, and she's just playing with her in the front yard. And Alfred sticks his head out the—he stands up, gets out the car, and then he starts talking to the dad. And the mom's like—oh, he asked if he could go see his niece, and the mom's like, "No," cause she knew that he was smoking. And so then he's like, "Whatever," and starts talking to the dad and saying that Earn wants to manage him. And the dad was saying that how when he puts his mind to it, Earn's gonna do whatever he wants to do, and he's gonna do it by his rules. And then Darius is like, "Hey, can I measure your tree?" And he sounded super out of it. And the dad was like, "No, not right now." So then Paper Boy and the dad are talking about Earn. And then I think after that, then they go to the bus scene with the man in the brown jacket with the Nutella and the dog. And then after that, Earn goes to meet up with Alfred and Darius in the white car that's outside the same liquor store that we're introduced to in the first scene. It's like lights are all up on the storefront, and they're in there, and they're listening to Playboy's song—or to Paper Boy's song. And Alfred was saying he doesn't really like the song, and he turned it down. Or no, before that happened, there was the girl in the blue shirt and skirt that walked by. And Alfred screamed out the window, "This is my song on the radio." And she said something like, "Fuck off," or something. And he called her some mean word, I don't remember. And then so then he says to Earn, "I don't actually like that song." Oh, and before this happens, Alfred and Darius are smoking, and then he gives it to—he passes the blunt to Earn. And Earn's laughing, they're all smiling, and he smokes with them. And he's just like—you can tell he's just really happy and satisfied that the song's on the radio. And he's like, "Oh, that happened pretty fast," cause it was him who did it, so he was really proud. Oh, and then Chris comes outside the window, and he's kinda leaning through the car window. And Earn says to him, "Oh, you gotta tell these guys that story you were telling me earlier about the DJ." So Chris kinda looks confused, he's like, "Okay, it's not that interesting of a story," but he'll do it anyway. So he started telling it, and he said when he went up to the DJ and pulled him aside, he said, "Really?" instead of saying what he said the first time to Earn when he said, "Really, n-word?" And so Earn was like, "Huh, funny." He didn't say this, but you could tell it through this face; he's like, "Huh, you didn't say that word around them, but you said it to me." And then nobody in the car was amused by the story. And Chris was like, "Yeah, that was a pretty lame story," or something, "I don't know why Earn made me tell it." And he just kind of awkward. And so then he left. And that's when—so the song's still playing in the car, and the girl walks by. And that's when Alfred screams out the window like, "Hey, this is my song." And she's like, "Whatever," couldn't care less. And then he turns the song down, and then a guy just comes and he kicks the mirror off his car. And Alfred starts getting super super mad, and he reaches for his gun. And Earn goes, "Don't worry about the money, don't worry about the money," like he just wanted to avoid this whole sit-in. And but regardless, Alfred gets out of the car. And then Earn opens—looks in the glove compartment, and he sees there's a gun in there, so he grabs it. And then he gets out of the car, and he's like, "Alfred, Alfred," screaming his name, which is the same thing that happened in the very first scene of the episode. So then him and Darius get out of the car, and then they meet up with Alfred who's asking this guy; he's like, "I'm gonna need money for that mirror." And he just—the other guy refuses to pay. So then Earn—or no, not Earn—Alfred pulls out his gun, he puts it up to the guy's chest, and he's just holding it there. And they're just saying—Earn's just like, "Don't do it, don't do it." And it's just a repetition of the first scene. The other guy has a gun, Earn has a gun. And then I think that's just pretty much how it ended. I forget if the dog was there; the dog must've been there, I'm not really sure, but then it just ended. Oh no, that's not how it ended. So then it shows Earn's girlfriend, but not really his girlfriend; she goes home, and she walks in. And Earn's mom is there, and she's like, "Lottie's in her crib, you need more wine." And she just kinda hurries out. And so then she's just in the room, and the TV's on. It's on the news, it's like, "Breaking news, there was a shooting outside the liquor store." And it says they're looking for—so it says there was one man shot, which I'm assuming was the guy that kicked Alfred's mirror down; yeah, it must've been. And then it says that they're looking for Alfred and his partner. And then it shows Alfred's picture and Earn's picture. I think it was an old yearbook picture, he looked much younger, his hair was longer. And so then the girlfriend, baby mama's walking away, and she turns and looks at the screen and sees it's Earn. And she said something; she's like, "Idiots," or something. And then I'm pretty sure that's where it ended.