In this first episode of Atlanta, it follows Earn and his cousin, who—I forget his name, but he has two names, one of which was his stage rapping name. I totally forget what it was. Anyways, the scene begins with Earn and the rapper in a car, in front of a gas station sort of area. And these other two guys knock the car window off of the rapper's car, and they get into a fight. There's a woman there wearing a blue skirt, and her accomplice is a guy wearing a colored shirt. And guns are pulled out. Then it zooms out, and you hear—and you see a gun, and you hear a gunshot. Then the next scene is Earn in bed with the mother of his child. They're not necessarily together, but he's playing music loudly in headphones. And she asks him, "What are you doing up?" And he says that he had this crazy dream. So he describes the dream in which he was underwater and the seaweed was like hands. And there was another girl there that he kissed. So he has this crazy dream, and then Earn and the woman start making out. And then she says, "I love you," and he just laughs. And she asks, "Why do you always do that?" And he goes, "Oh, because you know that I love you." And then she gets mad and walks out to the bathroom and starts fixing her hair. Then Earn gets up and goes to his daughter, who's wearing a yellow little dress. And the woman reminds him that it's his night to take care of her. And he says, "Oh yeah, I knew that." But shakes his head because he didn't know. Or Lottie's the—Lottie is the girl's name. Then the next scene is Earn at work at the airport, where he's trying to sell this credit card. And he's with his partner. And the woman—there's another older black woman who is more successful at selling the credit cards. And she's flirting with this young guy, talking about a cruise, how she'll get him a cruise ship. And essentially Earn and his partner aren't really getting any business doing their job. Then Earn's coworker brings up the rapper, Earn's cousin, and shows him a video. Oh, the song was Paper Planes or Paper something—Paper—it was—I don't remember the song's name. Anyways, Earn says, "That's my cousin." And then his partner says, "You should get on that. You should be his manager. He's about to blow up." Then Earn leaves. He goes to his parent's house. And his parents don't let him in because he's been, you know, sleeping there. But he's just going there even though he's not supposed to and leaving traces. And so his mother and father are like, "I love you, but we'll see you later." And so then Earn leaves and goes to his cousin, who's with a guy named Demarquez, or something like that. And when he opens the door, he puts his gun out. And when he realizes that it's Earn, he lets him in. And then the other guy offers him a cookie. And then Earn starts talking about why he should let him be his manager. And the cousin says, you know, "I don't need a manager. What do you know about that? You just want my money. That's not what this is about." And then they go outside and sit on a couch and smoke and continue to talk about this. They discuss—they talk about cell phones. And he says that he calls—and his cousin calls Earn homeless. But he says, "No, it's not like I'm homeless. I still have a phone and stuff." And the other guy jokes, "Why don't we use rats as phones? 'Cause there are so many rats in New York City, everyone can have one." Then Earn goes to the recording studio, where the kind of—where the radio is hosted, in the parking lot. He's talking to one of his friends who's white and holding this Starbucks coffee. And the guy tells an anecdote about being at the launch party of their radio station, and how the DJ was terrible and kept playing T-Pain. And so that—he had to pull him aside and then tell him to "Quit it, n-word." And so Earn just doesn't really say anything about the white guy using the n-word. But he notices that he doesn't use it around anyone else but Earn throughout the rest of the show. Then Earn talks to the janitor to ask him if he can let—how late he'll be here. So he gets in using the janitor. The janitor's name is Prince. And then he puts the CD with cash in it underneath the door of the manager producer guy. The next scene is the cousin shows up at the parents' house. And Lottie's playing in the front lawn, and mom's—the grandmother, who says, "No, you don't. That's—there's enough smoke from here. You don't need to come say hi." But anyways, they're looking for, I guess—wait, I think the cousin's name might be Alfred—but they're looking for Earn. Then Earn is on a bus coming home. It's late. He sees this man sitting across from him wearing a bow tie and a suit. And Earn is talking about how some people are just losers in the world, and that he feels like he's just a loser in the world, and he can't get out of it. And he's holding his daughter, who has pink headphones on. Then the man sitting across from him moves across and sits right next to Earn, pulls out white bread and Nutella, and makes a sandwich and tells Earn to take a bite. And then Earn refuses. And then he says it again more aggressively. And then the man gets off the bus and walks into the woods with a dog. And it's unclear whether Earn imagined that or whether that was real. So then, Earn pulls out his phone to text Lottie's mother, "We should talk tonight." But before he sends the text, he gets a call from his cousin who shows that the song is on the radio. And then he says to come meet him. So then Earn goes and meets him at the place where the show opened up, the kind of the parking lot of the gas station store bar thing. Then the white producer is there and says hi, and tells his story about the DJ but doesn't use the n-word. Then the guy from the opening scene breaks the car window off of the rapper's car, and he gets out. He reaches for the gun in the glove department. Earn stops him and says, "Don't. You don't wanna mess up what you could potentially have here in terms of success." And so he gets out of the car. And then it flashes to Lottie's mom coming back from her date. And Earn's mom, who was taking care of Lottie, leaving, saying, "Oh, you have no wine left." And then Lottie's mom looks on the TV. And on the TV there's a news about how Earn and the rapper have been—there's been a shooting, and they have been put in custody or gone to jail. And that's where it ends.