Alright, oh man, wow, I do not remember anything. So the episode starts with a bunch of people and they're fighting about something. And oh, then the bigger guy—later found out he's a rapper, Alfred, maybe is his name—pulls out a gun and shoots this other guy. There's a dog in the background, which is maybe important, I don't know. The big rapper guy's friend mentions a feeling of deja vu. And it's clear that this is a flash forward scene, cause after this the opening credits roll. Oh man, there's also some girl there. It's because there's something about the rapper yelled at the girl, and so the girl's boyfriend or person was upset about that. And so he's the one that ends up getting shot right in the chest. Gun right on his chest, pulls the trigger. Donald Glover's character Earn is trying to stop that, but it happens anyway, obviously. So then it's a flashback. Most of the episode is a flashback essentially from that opening scene. So it starts with Earn and I still can't remember her name, but I think it's Vanessa, lying in bed. And it's pretty clear that they're romantically involved with each other, at least that's what it seems. And so Earn wakes up and listens to music, and it must be pretty early because Vanessa kinda complains about it. And he says something about having a bad dream. He's listening to rap music, and then they talk about something that I can't remember. And then they kiss a little bit. Oh, he likes her morning breath, I remember that. And then she says, "Tell me that you love me." And so he kind of laughs and says it, and she pushes him away and is like, "Why'd you laugh? That's not funny." And he's like, "Well yeah, it is funny, and you know I love you, and I'm just saying it cause you know that's true." And she gets kinda mad, and she gets out of bed and walks off. And he goes and picks up the baby, and she comments on having some student parent teacher meeting after school. And Earn of course did not remember that at all. And she says, "Yeah, I'll get back around eleven, and that's when you should give me the rent." And that's when it becomes clear that there's something off between them, they're not really husband wife or anything, despite them having what seems to be a child together, just implying that there's some issue. Yeah, cause she wants him to pay rent, and he says, "Well, when should I get that to you?" And she says, "Oh, when I get back tonight, I'll be back around eleven." And he's like, "Well, why's that?" And he's like, "Well, I have a date." And he seems a little bit offended about that. So that's that scene. After that it's something about—oh, I think maybe then he goes to his friend the rapper's house. No, no, no, then he goes to his job at the airport. And he's standing with this friend, and they're just talking about how they don't make that much money. And there's an old lady who's making a lot of money, cause she's tricking people into buying free plane tickets or something. And they're talking about, "Man, I wish I was her," but they can't do that because they're not women and they're not older, they're pretty young. So she gets this young white college age guy to start signing some stuff. And then she—he's signing some paper, and she's behind him and pretends to hump him basically. And, you know, just looking in the direction of Earn and his friend, and they're kinda frustrated about that obviously. Oh, and then Earn's friend shows him a video from a song—oh, Paper Boy, that's the rapper's name. And he's like, "Yeah, this is a great new song, have you heard this one?" And Earn is like, "Wait, that's my cousin." And so then he goes to his cousin's house, who is Paper Boy, whose real name's Alfred, I believe. There's also—it's not Darren, it's not Darrell, it's Darius—that's Alfred's friend's name. That's the deja vu guy from the opening of the episode anyway. So they go and they're talking, and Earn basically goes, "Hey, you know, you got a good deal going." And Alfred's like, "Oh, you definitely want something out of me now." And Earn's like, "No, no, I just honestly think you'd do better with a manager." And Alfred's like, "I really don't need that in my life right now." And they realize it's four thirty and they missed four twenty, and they gotta go smoke weed. So they go do that. Pretty sure Earn refuses to smoke, cause he's on the job or something, and Alfred teases him. He's like, "You can't be the manager for a rapper if you're not gonna smoke." And Earn is basically determined to prove that he would be a good manager, so he goes to a local radio station where he has a connection. And he talks to this guy who's just getting out of his car. And the guy's like, "Hey Earn, what's up? I haven't seen you in so long. I didn't realize you were still in Atlanta. Did you come from that dump?" And points to the general direction from which Earn came, of course. And Earn's like, "Yeah, do you have a problem with that?" And so then this guy starts telling a story about how he was at a company party and they had a really terrible DJ. He's wishing Earn was there, and the DJ played two Flo Rida songs in a row. And so this guy teased him, but he used the n-word—and he's white—to tease the DJ about this. And when he's retelling this story to Earn, he also uses the n-word again. And so Earn is visibly kind of distraught. He doesn't say anything about it directly, but I think he does say something like, "Oh, you said that to him?" And his friend is like, "Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I said to him." So Earn's not feeling so great about that. And the guy says, "Yeah, if you give me five hundred dollars, I'll play Paper Boy on the radio for you." And Earn is like, "You know, that's really okay, the money's probably just going in your pocket." And he gets a little offended about that, and he goes to work. And while he's walking in, Earn kind of follows at a distance, and then runs into what seems to be the janitor, who's just pushing a big dumpster of some sort. And he just says to the janitor, "Hey, if that guy over there ever called you the n-word, would that be okay with you?" And the janitor goes, "No, I'd put my foot in his ass." And they talk a little bit, and they trade names. The janitor's name is Prince, I believe. And so they clearly kind of become buddies and talk a little bit. And then it kind of changes the scene, I think. Okay, the scene I'm about to describe, I'm pretty sure in retrospect came right before the radio station one. Earn goes to his parents' house and is like, "Hey, mom and dad." And they're like, "Oh, hey Earn, how's it going?" And Earn's standing on the front steps, and his parents are in the house. They're just talking through the screen on the front door. Parents do not invite him in at any point. And so eventually Earn's like, "Hey, can I come in?" And his parents are like, "No." And he's like, "Why not?" And his parents are like, "Well, we know you want something." And so Earn finally fesses up and says, "Yeah, well, you know, I could use some rent money because Vanessa's making me pay rent, and I need somebody to watch the kids tonight, cause I need to go do something." And his parents are like, "No," and they just close the door and say, "Bye Earn." And he's like, "Why are you closing the door on me?" So he's just standing on the porch with the door closed, and his parents are just staring at him from inside, and it's great. And I think at that point, that's the point at which they—it changes scenes. Wait, no, okay, so it goes opening scene, then the part with Earn and Vanessa lying in bed, and then from there goes to his parents' house. No, opening scene, Earn and Vanessa lying in bed, airport, parents' house, radio station. After the radio station scene, it then goes to a scene of—I believe this is the part where Earn's riding a bus. And he's just holding the kid kinda swaddled in his arms, and yeah, just listening to rap music. He had headphones on the baby too, and they're kinda listening together. And then there's this guy who kinda starts talking to him. It's unclear who he is, and Earn basically says, "Man, why does life have to suck for some people?" And the guy's like, "I don't know, man." And the guy tries to offer Earn a Nutella sandwich. And then all of a sudden a police car goes by the bus, and then Earn looks back over at the man next to him who is gone. There's just a jar of Nutella on the seat, and the man can be seen in the windows kinda behind Earn in the background with the dog from the opening scene. So that's weird. And then Earn gets a phone call from Alfred saying, "Yo, my song's on the radio, and how did that happen?" And Earn's like, "Huh, I have no idea," not sarcastically, just in a humble way. And where does it go from there? Oh, then there's something with Alfred showing up at Earn's parents' house. Oh, cause he wants to talk to them about having Earn as a manager. And he's like, "Yeah, I don't trust Earn." And his dad's like, "Yeah, I wouldn't either." And the mom's just playing with the baby on the front lawn. I forget what else happens in that scene, that's all I can really remember. And then there's a part where Alfred and Darius are just sitting in the car kinda chilling. Darius is in the back seat; Alfred's in the driver's seat. And then Earn walks up, and you can see him—this is from Alfred's perspective kind of in the—and so Earn walks up and is like, "Hey man." And they both just smoking weed. Well, Earn isn't yet, and Alfred is just kinda like, "Hey, you want some weed?" And Earn's like, "Of course I do." So he climbs into the passenger seat of the car, and and they smoke a little bit and listen to Paper Boy. And then Alfred leans out the car window and yells at this girl passing by, "Hey, this is my song on the radio." And she's just like, "Okay." And so he calls her some probably derogatory term, I don't really remember. Well, it wasn't really derogatory, it was just rude, kinda like bitch or something. And she just kinda walks off. And then a second later, you see the passenger side rear view mirror—or just passenger side mirror get ripped off. And Alfred's like, "Oh, that's it." And he's just scrambling to get out of the car, scrambling to get his gun out of the glove compartment. And Earn is like, "Jesus Christ, you can't bring a gun to this fight, don't do that." So Earn is able to keep the glove compartment closed, and Alfred just says, "Screw it," basically, and gets out. And then Earn slowly opens the glove compartment and takes the gun with him. It's just a little hand gun kind of thing. And then I don't think you actually see the scene where they confront each other, because that was the beginning of the episode. And the last scene of the show is Vanessa walking back into the apartment, and she's now just doing general organizational things and just putting some stuff away. She has the news on, and she hears about the shooting on the TV. And she learns that Earn and Alfred are both in custody. And she's just like, "God damn, again." So apparently this is a relatively regular occurrence. And that's about all I can remember.