Okay, so I watched the first episode of Atlanta last week, and the show started off in front of a liquor store. Wow, I can't remember the names really. So there is the famous rapper and his cousin who is the main—he's the protagonist of the show. And basically, there was an altercation where the rapper's car was damaged by a guy who was with a girl on a date, and basically the guy had kicked off the side view mirror of the rapper's car. What was his name? Oh, his name was Paper Boy. The rapper's name is Paper Boy. And yeah, I'm still trying to remember the main character's name, but hopefully it'll come. And along with Paper Boy, his cousin, there was also one more guy. I think his name is Derek. Yeah, so in the beginning, Derek, he's in this situation with them where Paper Boy's holding a gun to the guy who kicked off his mirror. And then in the middle of that, Derek is like, "Oh, hey, look, there is a dog from the side with some with something in the shape of Texas that's branded into the dog's skin or something." And that scene basically ends when Paper Boy shoots the guy who kicked off his mirror. And then the next scene goes back in time. I believe it was when the cousin, the main character, the protagonist—I realize he's played by Childish Gambino the other day—and what's his name? Maybe it starts with an E or something. But anyways, he's in bed with his—his ex-girlfriend. Her name's Vanessa. I remember that. They're in bed, and then they're talking. And then the protagonist, he's listening to some loud music, and then he takes off his headphones and realizes that Vanessa's talking to him. And then they're making out in bed. And then Vanessa's like, "Why won't you tell me you love me?" And then yeah, it ends there. And then Vanessa goes to the restroom, and then he's like, she's getting ready for her day cause she's going on a date later on the day. And they have a daughter together even though they're not together, but they're sleeping together because protagonist, he's poor, and his parents won't let him move back in the house with him. So yeah, so Vanessa's like, "Hey, you have to take care of the daughter tonight cause I'll be out on a date." And their daughter, her name's—I can't remember that either. That's weird. So so yeah, so the next scene, we're at an airport where the protagonist, I think his name starts with an E now that I think about it—Earnest. I think his name's Earnest, actually, I don't know, Earnest. And then one of his people who's also working with him, I think he's a friend, his name's Swift. It's weird, I remember that. And then they're selling—trying to get people to sign up for credit cards. And some lady across from them who's older and knows how to talk to the customers seems to be getting all the all the customers, all the sales. And then Swift tells Earnest like, "Hey, check this out, this video of Paper Boy." Like he's an up and coming rapper and he's about to be signed or something. And then Earnest is like, "Yo, that's my cousin." And then he's—he then decides, he's like, "I'm gonna go talk to him. I wanna manage him." The next scene, Earnest—I hope that's his name or else I've been saying the name the whole time—Earnest, he goes to find Paper Boy. And they show up at his house, and the door opens, and Paper Boy's like holding a gun to his head because he doesn't know who was knocking. And he realizes it was his cousin Earnest, and then he lets him in. And then he—Earnest walks in, and then he passes by Derek when he turns the corner, and he's like holding a knife. And then Paper Boy's like, "Yo, he's our friend, he's—he's good." And then he offers—then Derek offers him cookies, and he takes one. And then they talk about managing everything. And then it's four thirty, and they're like, "We gotta go outside to see the sky or something." So they're all the three of them are sitting on a couch outside, and Derek's smoking a blunt, and he's high, and so is Paper Boy. And then Paper Boy offers Earnest a smoke, and he's like, "No man, I'm trying to do business here. I wanna manage you." And they're just fooling around while Earnest is trying to seriously engage in business. And so the scene ends when it doesn't really work out. And then yeah, and basically Paper Boy tells Earnest like, "Yo man, you haven't been here since my mom died, and—and the first thing you come up to me saying is you wanna manage me. And really man, like..." And then he's like basically yeah. And then the next scene, I believe Earnest went to his parents' house, and his dad's like locking the door, and he won't let him in because he gotta pay rent or something, and he left a mess in the house last time, he didn't flush the toilet or something. And yeah, but then he's like, "I'm gonna drop my daughter off later," and parents were like, "That's okay." And then yeah. Let's see, the next scene, I believe it's—oh yeah, there's a part where so—oh yeah, so the next scene Earnest goes to some bridge area. It's in front of—it's a radio station, but it's the parking lot. And he sees this dude, I forgot his—I think name was Ryan, Ryan, maybe. Yeah, and then he's this white dude. And then they're talking, and then Ryan's like, "Hey man, haven't seen you in a while." And then Ryan's like, "Oh, let me tell you about this party I went to this weekend, this past weekend. Some dude the DJ was playing two Flo Rida songs, and then I was—he was like, 'This is no music to play,' so he went up to the DJ and was talking to him and was like..." He uses the derogatory term when he's talking to Earnest, and Earnest was pretty thrown back by that like, "Why did you just say that?" And then yeah, and he's talking about having Paper Boy's song played on the radio station, but Ryan's like, "Yeah, that's not gonna happen unless you slip money under the table for him." And then so that's exactly what he does. He goes—Earnest goes back home, and he's digging through his shoe box for money. And then he yeah, he gets enough money, and he slips this track and the money under a door. And long behold, the music's on the radio. And then the next scene is when Derek and Paper Boy, they went to Earnest's parents' or they were, and they were basically taking care of the baby. I think her name's Lolo—no, it was a weird name, yeah, something like that. And basically what ended in that scene is that Paper—no no, Earnest's dad was like, "Yeah, you know Earnest, if he wants to do something he'll get it done. Like he's that kind of personality." And then yeah. So I think the next scene, I might be skipping a few scenes here, but they—okay, so Earnest is on the bus, and he's has his daughter in his hand, and sitting across from him on the bus is some creepy young dude who's really mysterious, like I don't know what he's doing. And then all of the sudden the man gets up, and he sits over next to—next to Earnest, and he's making a sandwich, and he's spreading Nutella on the sandwich. And then Earnest is currently texting Vanessa about something like, "Hey, do you have time tonight? Like I wanna talk." And then so suddenly the man tells Earnest like—like well, they start talking first about some really deep philosophical stuff that like Earnest is like, "What the heck? Like why are you telling me this?" And he tells Earnest to eat the Nutella sandwich, and he's like, "It's okay man, I'm good." And then he's like, "Eat the sandwich," and he's pretty infuriated. And then all of the sudden behind the scene there's these police lights that are flashing by, it's really loud. And then yeah, all of the sudden in a split second the man's outside, and he's walking into the forest. And the creepy thing is that next to him is the dog that Derek saw in the very beginning with the Texas branded on him. And then yeah, so after that I think Earnest takes off her—his daughter's headphones, and he puts on his headphones, and he calls—no, I think he was listening to music or something, but he receives a call from Paper Boy, I believe. And then he's like, "Yo, they're playing my song on the radio." And then Earnest immediately rushes over to see them. And then now we're at the liquor store scene where it was actually in the beginning, but they're in the beginning they went back in time while they were there. So in this scene we actually see that. So Earnest was like standing outside of the car, and he's like, "Yo." Paper Boy's like, "Yo, they're playing my song on the radio." And then Earnest is like, "Wow, that's so cool, that was so fast." And then oh yeah, during the bus ride Earnest was like—he was like, "Oh, am I gonna get to manage you?" And Paper Boy's like, "Hold your horses, just come see me." And then so at the liquor store in front of it, so they're in the car, and then they all start smoking. Earnest actually smokes this time. And then so Paper Boy, some girl walks past, and then Paper Boy makes some comment at her, and then they get in sort of a vocal argument, and she passes by. And then Ryan shows up, and he's like—and by this time Earnest is super excited, he's like, "Hey, yo, listen to Ryan tell the story about some party he went to about Flo Rida." And this time the story has no appeal. And then Ryan in the beginning he's like, "Yo, like why are they playing this song?" And he's just like—Earnest is like, "Yeah, I know right man." And then Ryan's like, "Oh yeah, my boss is mad or something." And then yeah, so Ryan tells this story about the party, and no one seems amused except for Earnest. And then yeah, that's when Ryan leaves. And then side view mirror gets kicked down, and then that's when Paper Boy gets out, and he's like, "Who's gonna pay for this?" And then gets in a big fight. And then Earnest, he sees a gun in the glove box, and he's like, "I shouldn't take this out," but he takes it. And then we get to the shooting scene where Paper Boy shoots the dude who's with the girl. And then the next scene we go to Vanessa who just got home. And then as she got home, I think the mom was leaving, and she said like, "Oh, the daughter, your daughter's put down to sleep and everything." And then it shows on the TV, she hears that Paper Boy and Earnest have been caught. And then the news was the shooting had already exploded up over the news. And then who was Derek was still on the loose. And yeah, that's I think what happened. Maybe I skipped a few scenes. I still can't remember that baby's name, but yeah.