So in the last episode, the two men started at the gas station, and they were all sitting in the car. The chubbier one was driving. They were both dark-skinned, and the car wasn't very nice, and there was a man in the back seat. Then their side view mirror got ripped off, and you couldn't exactly see where it got ripped off from, but the man in the driver's seat jumped out, and he is the one who had— we later learn— had a song played on the radio, and it was a pretty good song. And he jumped out of the car, and the other boy, who was his brother or brother, tried to stop him, but he couldn't stop him. And he jumped out of the car, and the shorter guy, who was the copilot, opened the glove compartment and jumped out of the car and followed him into the parking lot, where they met up with a girl and a guy, and the guy was the one who snapped off the side view mirror. And the chubbier older black guy was insulted, asked the two people why they kicked off his rear view mirror, and they insulted him back. And so they kept throwing insults at each other, the two brothers defending each other, and the guy and his girlfriend who kicked off the mirror side view mirror. And then the third guy came out of the car, and the camera kinda panned to him, and he noticed that there was a dog sitting on the side of the street near the gas station. Then the guy who kicked off the side view mirror says something super insulting, and the driver pulled out a gun and put it against that guy's chest, and then the screen is blacked, and all that was heard was a gunshot. And then the intro of the began, and the screen panned out to a larger kind of a drone view of Atlanta, and went straight to the shorter guy in the bed in a bed, a nice, a pretty nice house, pretty nice bed. He was listening to music with some Beats headphones on loudly; you could hear the music through his headphones. And he was laying in a bed without a shirt next to a girl, a lady, and she woke up because of his music, and they started kissing. And she asked him, told him to tell her that he loved her, and he didn't, and just laughed. And then she got really mad at this, and he said, "Well, it's just because, of course, I love you," and she didn't like this. So she got up and was only wearing a shirt and went to the bathroom, and so she was brushing her teeth, and she had a scarf on her head. She's brushing her teeth and everything in the mirror, and we learn that she's a school teacher and she takes late nights, and it's his ex-wife, but he sleeps over there sometimes, and they have a child, and it's this baby girl, probably three or four. And she tells him that he has to take care of her that night. And so then, and he holds her up and plays with him, and obviously makes him happy, and holds her above the crib. And then they screen pans out to— oh, and she says that he has to start paying rent or he can't stay there anymore, and he needs to find a new place to stay for the night. Then it goes to a— it goes to the guy who's just in bed, and he is going to his parents' house. And he shows up at his parents' house; it's kind of a ghetto neighborhood, and he's just walking with a backpack on and a red and blue shirt. And he walks up to the front of porch of his parents' house; it's kind of this ramshackle trailer house type thing, and you can see his mom through the front window. And his dad, his dad opens the door but doesn't let him in, and he even asks, "Can I come in?" And the dad says, "No, because all you're asking for is money." And the kid says, "Yeah, I need a place to stay," and the dad and mom say, "No, go find your brother to stay with him." And so he asks where his brother is, and then next goes to find him, and he leaves. And he's kind of sad from seeing his parents like that towards him. Then he goes to find his brother, who is in house one room, and he's playing a video game on the couch, tons of rappers and pretty dirty. And then another guy who's really high is baking cookies, and he has an apron on, a really patterned apron, and he's just walking around the kitchen. And then he knocks on the door, and the brother who's playing video games gets up and goes to look outside the door, and the door has this huge black gate around it. And he, the brother, comes out with a gun cause he's scared it's a criminal or something, and then he lets the brother in, and the other guy's still in the kitchen, but he is hiding around, hiding behind a wall with a knife and still the cookies. And then he puts the yeah, and then he turns around the corner, and the brother's like, "Don't worry, this is just my brother, we're here, blah blah blah." And then the they sit down, and the younger brother's like, "Can we talk about this? I really wanna to figure some stuff out with managing, managing your music and actually getting some good producers and stuff like that," because his brother's a good musician, a good rapper. And so they go to a park, and basically the brother and his friend just get high, and the younger brother who came there doesn't really know what to do, and he's trying to make them focus, and he wants to help out his brother, but his brother's not really giving him the time of day. And they're sitting on top of this bench in a park on the side of the road, and it's pretty, the cars are pretty loud. So the brother next goes to a radio station sort building called 106.7, I think. He meets— he's going through the parking lot, and he comes, he goes, he comes from behind a dumpster, and he sees someone he knows, this white wealthier man who works at the radio station. And he comes up to him, and they talk, and the guy's like, "Where'd you come from? Like behind the dumpster?" He's like, "No," doesn't explain why. And then the guy, the white guy's like— then the brother, the younger black brother is like, "Will you play this song on the radio? Will you do me a favor? Or at least who can I pay and to get this song on the your station?" And they guy said, "You can pay me," but he doesn't trust him, and he calls. And then he tells him a story about how this DJ played Flo Rida at one of their concerts, and he called him the n-word, which the brother totally thought was not okay and got pretty mad, so he stopped talking to him. And the white guy went in and saw his friends before he entered the building on the side of the road. And then the brother was crossing, crossing the parking lot and saw this janitor, and he was black also, and he asked him if the guy ever used the n-word against him, and the black guy said no. And then asked him if he could help him get into the building, which he could. So then he took money from a shoebox, his shoebox, his savings, and slipped it under the person in charge, under his door of his office while he passed the glass door of the white guy. Then it panned to him sitting in a bus with a baby, with his daughter. His daughter had headphones on, he had headphones on, and he's listening to music; they're both listening to music. And he's about to text his ex-wife, and this guy who was dressed in all tan, yellow, tannish, yellowish suit sat down across from him. He started talking to him about his problems, and he starts talking to him back. And while he's talking, the guy made a Nutella sandwich and then offered him the Nutella sandwich. And when he didn't eat it, the guy got super mad, but then got off the bus. And as he's getting off the bus, the guy, the black guy sitting on the bus, noticed that he have the dog what's from earlier from the show, and he went into the woods on the side of the street with it. And then he followed the bus, and it panned to the same they were— he went and met his brother in a parking lot. And so it panned to the same parking lot scene as in the beginning, but this time we saw more context, and we saw that the white guy, white business guy from the radio station, came up to the side of the car and told the same story, but he didn't use the n-word, which made which was really interesting for the black guy to see that he didn't use it against when his brother and the other guy were there, just when he was there. And then the person the girlfriend boyfriend kicked off the mirror side view mirror again and came stomping through, and then there was the shot and everything. But it pans to the ex-wife watching it on TV and seeing her, him and his brother as the criminal suspects on the screen, and then it ended there.