Okay, in the last episode of this show, one we watched last week, we started off with a scene in the parking lot with a man who, at the beginning, you don't know any of these characters' names. So in the beginning, a man gets out of his car because somebody kicked the mirror off of his car, and he wants compensation. So he's yelling at the man who kicked the window off of his car, or the mirror, not the window. So he's yelling at him, and they get in an altercation in this parking lot. And another one of the guys who's there tries to prevent the car owner from shooting the man who kicked the mirror off of his car because he pulled out a gun. And the man who's trying to prevent the other man from shooting the guy sees a dog that he recognizes over by a light, a telephone pole. And then the scene zooms out, and the man whose mirror got kicked off fires the gun at the man who kicked the mirror. And then the next scene, right after that, is actually back in time before the events of the first scene happen. So the events of the episode actually lead up to the very first scene. So the very first scene, after we see the man get shot in the parking lot, is where the man Earnest—he wakes up in his bed with his, what's the word, the audience would think it's his girlfriend. But after he wakes up and you see them having a conversation, you can kind of tell that they used to be together but now they just kind of live together. And he goes to wake up his daughter, and his girlfriend says that she's going on a date that evening, and that she needs Earnest to take care of their daughter, to watch after her. And she hints at the fact that a lot of the times that she tells him to take care of their daughter, he ends up making his parents take care of her because he's out doing other things. So he says, "Yeah, I promise I'll take care of her this evening." And then the next scene, the next scene he—wait, one second—so the next scene he goes to his parents' house to ask if they could take care of his daughter that evening. And they don't let him in the house; his dad just stands in the door and doesn't let him in because he—his dad and his mother think that he is here asking for money again. And he just Earnest asks where his cousin, I think his name is Alfred, is. Might've forgotten the name, but he knows that his cousin is a growing rapper in the area. And Earnest wants to talk to his cousin, who goes by the name Paper Boy, to try to see if he can be the manager to make money for, you know, for himself and his wife—or not his wife, but to support his daughter. And he asks his parents where his cousin is, and they say he's across the street in the neighborhood. So Earnest walks over there and knocks on the door, and somebody else answers the door with a gun pointing at Earnest's face. And then his cousin recognizes who he is, so he lets him in. And they're talking, and Earnest starts asking him about—asking Paper Boy about his rapping career. And Paper Boy, Earnest's cousin, basically says, "Oh, I know you're here just for the money. You haven't talked to me since the last time I saw you, which was years ago. The only reason you're talking to me is because you want money and you want some kind of connection to the, to the rapping business so he can make money off of him." And Earnest kinda denies it, but that truly is why he's there. And they start talking, and they go out, and they go outside and are smoking on a couch. And his cousin tells Earnest that he doesn't want him to be his manager because he just knows that he's just in it for the money, and that he's not actually faithful, he just—he doesn't actually care about the business. So Earnest leaves after his cousin yells at him. And then Earnest goes into a parking lot—sorry, the next scene starts where he walks in into a parking lot which is for a radio station. And he recognizes a man getting out of the car who is some kind of manager at the radio station. They recognize each other and they talk, and the radio station manager refers—not refers, but uses a derogatory term that Earnest doesn't really appreciate during the scene. And after he says good-bye—before he says good-bye, Earnest asks him if there's any way to get Paper Boy's track onto the radio station because Earnest wants to prove to Paper Boy that he can get Paper Boy's songs on the radio and out and distributed so he could prove that he'll be a good manager. And the radio station manager says that it would cost five hundred dollars to get a unique track request. And Earnest obviously doesn't have that kind of money, just stickling around. So the radio station manager heads back into the building, and Earnest is in the parking lot. And then he sees one of the janitors walking out and asks him if the radio station manager uses that derogatory term in front of him. And the janitor says, "No, if he did, I would never let him use that term in front of me." So it kind of shows that the radio station manager doesn't think that highly of Earnest, or that he doesn't think that he is—I don't know what the word is, but yeah. So after that, you see Earnest go back to his house and get a stash of money from inside a shoebox. And he brings Paper Boy's CD into the radio station and puts it under the door of another radio station manager's door with the money so that they can play the track that evening. And after that, he Earnest is with his daughter on a bus, and his daughter's sleeping on his lap. And Earnest sees this man across from him on the bus who starts talking to him and tries to make him eat this slice of bread with Nutella on it. But then the bus stops, and this strange man gets off and leaves. And Earnest sees that there's this dog that follows him, which now you make the connection that that's the dog that Earnest saw in the first scene of the show. After that, he gets a call from his cousin Paper Boy that they're playing his song on the radio. And you know, Earnest says, "Oh yeah, I put it on the radio for you." And then Paper Boy says to Earnest that he wants him—he wants to see him so that they can talk about him being his manager now. So Earnest goes to the parking lot where Paper Boy is in his car, and they—they start talking. And then the radio station manager comes out of the store and says hello. And Earnest asks him to tell the joke that the radio station manager told Earnest earlier in the day. But this time, when he tells the joke, the radio station manager doesn't use the derogatory term in front of Earnest and his cousin, which Earnest is kind of taken aback—or not taken aback, but he's kind of shocked, or he's just is surprised cause he expected him to tell the joke the same way. So it kind of shows how the radio station manager thought of Earnest. So then after that, you see Paper Boy's mirror get kicked off by a man. And then Paper Boy gets out of the car, gets his gun. Earnest tries to tell him, "No, don't do this, don't incite violence cause it will ruin your career." But Paper Boy still gets out of the car and aims his gun at this man who kicked his mirror off of his car. And Earnest tries to get him to stop them, and they're all outside of the car now. And Earnest looks over and sees the dog that he recognizes, which now the scene is just a repeat of the scene in the beginning. And after that, Paper Boy fires the gun. And I don't know, he doesn't fire the gun in this scene—he does in the first scene—but you know that it's gonna happen the next time they show the scene because of the first scene. So after that scene, you see Earnest's past girlfriend come back to the house after her date. And Earnest's mother is leaving because she was taking care of their daughter while Earnest was out. And on the TV, on the news, they talk about how there was a shooting in a parking lot and that two men were arrested. And she looks at the TV, and there's a picture of Earnest showing that he's been arrested. And she says something along the lines of, "You idiot." And then the scene ends.