Okay, so last week's episode started with a fight. Okay, I think so. I can't remember what the main character's name is, but I know that it was Paper Boy and Dominic, who are the other two guys. And then what was his name? It's bothering me so much 'cause I said it so many times last time. Anyway, the other, the main character, they were in the car and this other guy they're fighting with, the other guy, but you don't really know why they're fighting at the beginning of the episode. Anyway, you don't know why they're fighting. And Paper Boy pulls out a gun and the main character, whose name is a little weird but I can't remember, looks to the side and there's this dog sitting there and it obviously means something to him because he's like, "What's that?" Like he recognizes the dog. And then, then there's a shot from above of the fight, which is taking place at this gas station which has got a lot of neon light. It's kind of a stereotypical—oh, it's also taking place at night. It's kinda like a stereotypical sketchy-looking gas station. And so you see the screen like it's an aerial shot and you hear a gunshot. And as soon as the gun shoots, it goes into this, like it's a blackout and it starts showing the next thing. It's like aerial shots of both well-to-do neighborhoods and relatively poor neighborhoods. And then it shows this screen, it says "Atlanta," which is the name of the show. It doesn't say anything else, it just says "Atlanta." Well, because the show's set in Atlanta, Georgia, I'm assuming. And yeah, so it's just a bunch of panning aerial shots and then the name "Atlanta." And the next thing that you see is the next scene where what is his name? It starts with an E or something. Like I think it's a weird name. His girlfriend, I don't remember her name either. I didn't remember it last time. That's not that important. He and his girlfriend are in bed. His girlfriend is asleep and she is on the right side—no, she's on the left side and he's on the right side. He's wearing a pair of black headphones and listening to music. And I don't know what wakes her up. Maybe she just wakes up and she's like, "Oh, what are you doing?" Whatever. And then he tells her about a dream that he had. And his dream was really weird and it was like he was swimming in an ocean but there were seaweeds and the seaweeds were actually hands. The hands were grabbing him. And then there was this girl, maybe she was a mermaid. I don't remember if she was a mermaid or not, but maybe she was like, "Oh, don't stop swimming or the hands will grab you and drag you under and you'll drown." And the girlfriend's like, "Okay, that was a weird dream." But then she's just like, "Wait, was she hot in the dream?" And the guy was like, "No, she was fat and ugly. Why are you jealous?" And then the girlfriend is like, "Yeah, no, she's not." The girlfriend is just like, "Whatever, I don't care. And then you guys made out, didn't you in the dream?" He and the mermaid girl. And the other guy, whose name I can't remember—oh, I'm so mad—the main character, he's just like, "Yeah, we made out." And then they're getting, they're it's getting, he's kissing her. If he wants to kiss her, she's like, "No, no, no, my morning breath," or whatever. And he's being weird and they're kissing and things are getting heavy or whatever, sexy. And and then all of a sudden, you know they're kissing and she looks at him, she says, "Tell me, tell me you love me." And he's like, "Okay," or he's like, "Yeah." And then she's just like, "Why don't you ever say it?" And he's just like, "Okay, I can, I love you," or whatever. Or no, no, he laughs. That's what he does. So she says, "Tell me you love me." And he laughs and says, "Okay." And she's like, "Why did you laugh?" And he's just like, "What? I guess I don't know. It's because that's what you always ask me. You always say me, 'Tell me you love me.'" And she's like, "Is it funny?" or whatever. She gets mad. She pushes him off of her. She starts getting ready for the day. And then the main character goes into his daughter's room and you discover that he has a daughter. And his girlfriend is getting ready for work and he's playing with his daughter. And he grabs her out of her crib and he's tossing around and talking to her. And then his girlfriend's like, "Oh, remember that." I don't remember his daughter's name either. But he's like, "Remember that you have to take care of her tonight. Don't just drop her off at your parents'." And she's like, "'Cause I have parent-teacher conferences tonight." And he's like, "Yeah, I remember." And then he tells the girl, he tells his daughter, "No, I didn't remember." And then the girlfriend's like, "Yeah, okay, well I'll be home late. I'll be home at around eleven." And then, then, then the main character's just like, "Oh, home around eleven? That's late. What does that mean? Are you taking the parents out to town or whatever?" And she says, "No, I have a date." And you can kinda feel the tension in the room shift. He's like, "A date? Wow, okay." And then he starts talking to his daughter. He's like, "Mommy's going on a date with some creep." And she's like, "Shut up." And she's just kinda mad at him. And there's just this very tense feeling to the air. And he, she's just like, "So you're seeing other people." She's like, "Yup." That just kinda ends the conversation. They don't really talk about it anymore. So okay, so after that scene—oh, come on, come on, what happens next? Oh, oh yeah, okay. So he's at work. Main character guy's at work. Ah, man, I really wish I can remember his name. Anyway, so he's at work and he, he sells, he's one of those people that sells credit cards for airplanes. Like you can get a, it's a Delta Gold card but it's for TV shows or something else. He's talking with another one of his friends and they're just not really trying to sell the card or whatever. They're like, "Yeah, that's 'cause I'm not an old lady." And then you seen an old lady who's signing someone up for the Discover or not the Discover card but the airline credit card. And they're talking. And then the main character goes, "Yeah, okay, my girlfriend's seeing other people." And his friend's like, "Wait, what? Really?" And then he's just like, "Yeah, it sucks," or whatever. And then the conversation somehow goes into Paper Boy. Like, "I've been listening to this song called Paper Boy," whatever. And then the friend takes out his phone and shows it to the main character. And after watching the video for a little bit, maybe thirty seconds or something, not that long but maybe ten, fifteen seconds, then the main character says, "Oh yeah, that's my cousin." And then the friend thinks that he means one of the dancers. He's like, "Oh, your cousin's thick." And then the main character's like, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." And the other guy's like, "No, no way. He's totally gonna get signed by a label. You need to get in on this and you're gonna get rich if you can be his manager or whatever." And so that makes at first the main character's like, "No, no, I don't wanna do that," whatever. But then he's like, "You know, maybe I do, right?" And so he goes after. Yeah, okay, so the scene after that. Yeah, he goes to go see Paper Boy at his—no, no, no, he goes to his parents' house first because he has to figure out where he lives. His cousin lives, he doesn't know. So he goes to his, his parents' house. And he's standing there and his father doesn't let him in. He's like, "Oh, why aren't you letting me in?" And his dad's like, "Yeah, because I can't afford to let you in." And his mom's kinda sitting in there. There's a screen door so you can see her and she's just like, "Yeah, what do you want? Every time you come here you just want money." And I think he asks them to watch his daughter at some point and he doesn't ask for money. He just wants to know where Paper Boy lives. Eventually they give him that information and maybe they, some other things. I think they say some other rude things but I can't remember exactly what they were. And then after that, because the main character now knows Paper Boy is, he goes to Paper Boy's house and knocks on the apartment door. And it's open but it's only open part of the way because there's a chain and there's a gun. Paper Boy's holding a gun. And the main character's like, "Wait, no guys, it's me." And he's like, "You guys are for real," like meaning they're real thugs or whatever. 'Cause I guess it's 'cause they have a gun. And after that they walk up the stairs. Paper Boy's the one who answers the first door but I think it's the bottom door of the apartment complex. They walk up the stairs and then Dominic is standing there with a plate of chocolate chip cookies and a knife, a giant butcher knife. And at first, you know, Paper Boy's like, "No, no, no, he's cool, he's my cousin." And then the other guy's like, "Okay, you want a cookie?" Dominic takes a cookie. Oh, before that, you see before Paper Boy even answers the door, you see him playing a video game and just kinda chilling. And you kinda see his apartment. It's a pretty nice apartment, you know. It's kinda messy 'cause two guys live there or whatever. And then Dominic walks by and he's like, "Oh, is this milk good?" And then and then Paper Boy's like, "Whatchu using it for?" And the other guy's like, "To drink." And then he's like, "No, don't, don't drink the milk," or whatever. So that was kinda funny. Okay, so after going back to where I was actually talking about, after the cookie and the main character, whose name I can't remember, takes a cookie and he's like, "Oh, I wanna talk to you about this whole Paper—no, no, no." Paper Boy's like, "You want in on the Paper Boy thing, huh?" And then the, his cousin, the main character's like, "No, no, that's not why I'm here." And they're like, "Yeah, totally is why you're here." And then they're arguing about it. And then all of a sudden, I think it's Dominic's like, "Oh, it's four thirty, man. We're gonna be late." And then you think back and we're for something important but they're actually just to smoke weed on their couch. And they're sitting on the couch smoking weed and the main character is like, "No, I don't want any, it's fine." And that's when they start talking about how the main character's like, "I could be a really good manager for you." And then and then there's some joking around like, "Oh, Dominic's the manager," but maybe he's not. Like it's kind of unclear, I think, about who's what. And so after that and it's Dominic is sitting on the left end of the couch, left of the viewer. Paper Boy's sitting in the middle and then the main character, he's just kinda sitting on the end, kind of far away. He's wearing this bag pack too which just makes him look like a kindergartner and it just very much distinguishes him from everybody else. So but basically he's like, "Oh, no, I can do this. Like if you just trust me, I can prove myself." And he leaves. And then the next place he goes is to go talk to his friend who has some white guy name like Chris. I don't think it actually is Chris. It's like Chris or Dave. It's Dave, I think. Like ninety percent sure his name is Dave. And Dave's like this white blonde guy who works at a record studio or a recording company or radio station or something. Radio station, I think. And radio station, he walks up. He's like, "Hey, hey, long time no see." I don't know how they know each other. Maybe from Princeton. That was always kind of like vague and and the Princeton thing was vague too. But he's like, "Dave, what's up," whatever. And Dave talks to him and he talks about how he was at a club earlier and the guy who was who's a, a radio station party and the guy who was doing was like he played Wiz Khalifa or something. It wasn't like Wiz Khalifa, Flo Rida, something. Maybe it was Flo Rida, one of the two. And then the main character, he's no, Dave just like tells the story how he went up to the to the DJ who was a black guy and he used the N-word. And the main character's kinda like taken back but he doesn't say anything. And then Dave's like walking and then but the main character's like, "Yo, you've heard of Paper Boy, right?" And then Dave's like, "Yeah, whatever, Paper Boy, yeah." And he's like, "I can, I can sneak it into my like exec's office if you sign me five hundred dollars." And basically first the main character thinks that five hundred dollars are for the exec but they're actually Dave's like, "No, you have to give me five hundred dollars. I should do this for you." So then so that's another thing where the main character's like, "Okay, like great, you know, maybe Dave's not such a great guy," which I think he isn't. And anyways, he sees a janitor. So after Dave goes into the building, he sees a janitor and he's like, "Oh, what, what do you do if that guy used the N-word around you?" And then the janitor's like, "I shove my foot up his ass," or something like that. But basically so I think that the next scene after this one was the one where Paper Boy goes and visits the main character's mom and dad. Which honestly is a scene that felt a little like out of place, kind of. I don't know what it did to advance the plot. Paper Boy pulls up in his big car. He's like blaring music and he and Dominic are smoking weed. And he's just like trying to talk to the main character's dad. He's like, "Oh, he wants to be my like manager." And the dad's like, "Oh, okay." And he's like, "I don't trust him." And he's like, "I wanna know your opinion." And then the dad is like, "All I know is that when the main character's name gets his mind at something like he does it, you know, like he, he pulls through." And that's when Paper Boy brings up Princeton. He's like, "Oh, whatever happened to Princeton?" But I might've heard that wrong also. But I think like maybe Paper—no, the main character went to Princeton and like got kicked out or dropped out or something. Anyway, so and the mom is the main character's mom's like playing with the main character's daughter. And Paper Boy's like, "Oh, let her come talk to her uncle," or whatever. And he's like, "No, she's getting a high from like a second, like a residual high from where you guys are," or whatever. And they like laugh it off or whatever. Anyway, and then after that you see the main character like sneaking the demo of Paper Boy's song which is called "Paper Boy" with five hundred dollars rubber banded to it underneath the exec's door because the janitor let him into the apartment. Now this might've been from another scene but I don't exactly remember. So then that happens. And then yeah, after that, think it's the scene on the train. He picks up his daughter from his mom's house. You don't see that but he's on the train and there's a weird guy sitting next to him, the one who's making like a Nutella sandwich and talking about really weird stuff. I don't remember any of it but it was weird and like it was meant to be weird. But it gets the main character talking about. He's like, "Some guys think just have the like the only thing that they get to do is lose. Like there are some people on this earth like all they have to do is lose." And he's like really sad 'cause I think I'm one of those people who always has to lose in order for other people to do well. But anyway, he's like sitting with his daughter on his lap and they're sharing, they're both listening to same song. She's got like little cat headphones or something cute like that and he's got his black headphones on. Basically like the guy is like there one moment and then like the main character turns to look at him and he's gone. And then the main character looks out the window and sees him and this dog like retreating into the woods. And it's the dog, the same dog from later with the fight. Yay. Anyway, so he's like, he's like typing a text to his girlfriend and said something like, "I love you, can we talk?" But he doesn't send it quite right away. And before he can send it, he's interrupted by a call from Paper Boy. He's like, "Dude, listen, they're playing it on the radio." So basically him sneaking a demo into the recording studio worked. The main guy, the main character—no, Paper Boy's like super excited about it. He's like, "Come hang out with us." And the main character's like, "Okay, just need to drop off my daughter." So he has his mom come watch her at his house and you don't see that but that's what happens. And then the three of them are like, he, Dominic and Paper Boy are sitting in the car like smoking weed and listening to Paper Boy on the radio. Paper Boy goes like, "I hate the shitty song," like turns off the radio. They're all just kinda like sitting there and they're like, "Oh, this is gonna go big," or whatever. They're talking about like potential 'cause the song's on the radio now. Like everybody knows like if you get on the radio it's big, like a big deal. And then some random guy and maybe it's like two guys and a girl, like a girlfriend, like they walk by and one of them just like kicks off the rear view mirror. And Paper Boy's like, "What the hell? What are you doing?" And he goes to reach for a gun but the main character's like, "Don't do it. Like don't ruin this. Don't ruin your fame already by shooting someone," basically. And Paper Boy gets out but and he's like chasing them down and chasing them down. And you see like a far shot and maybe hear the gunshot again. I don't remember or maybe it's just some repeat footage from the beginning. But yeah, so turns out Paper Boy has another gun and he shoots the guy, whatever. And then it kinda goes black and then the next thing that you see is the fact that Paper Boy and the main character have been arrested. And the girlfriend—no, the girlfriend's coming back home from her date and she sees the main character's mom's sitting there watching TV and she leaves like right away or whatever. And then the girlfriend is like, the news is already on and it talks about a shooting that happened and it was the shooting that Paper Boy and the main character were involved in. And she's just like, "Oh, whatever." She, she's like, "Oh, idiots." And that's like the end of the episode.