So the episode starts out with who we find out is Earn and I think Darius and Alfred, who is Paper Boy the rapper. A guy comes up and smashes the side mirror off of Paper Boy's car, and Paper Boy and Darius and Earn are all in the car. And Alfred gets—Alfred is elsewhere—but Paper Boy goes after the guy who smashed his mirror in, and there's a woman involved, and things sort of get escalated, and Alfred pulls a gun out. There's sort of a weird part—Darius is obviously high—and sort of a weird part where he sees a dog and he says he's having deja vu. Anyway, after this, Alfred does end up shooting the guy who smashed his mirror. And then things sort of get wound back probably twenty-four hours earlier or maybe just earlier that day. And Earn wakes up in bed and he's listening to music cause he couldn't sleep, and he's next to a woman in bed, and he says he has a dream about another woman. So it's sort of like, "I didn't know," you know, is he and the woman that's in the bed with him together? It's sort of ambiguous. And then she says, "Tell me that you love me," and he sort of brushes it off, and she gets upset, goes onto say that she has a date that night. So you sort of rule out the possibility that they're—they're together, but they do have a child together, and so that relationship seems a little bit ambiguous. Yeah, so he seems—Earn seems a little bit put off that she has a date with another man, but I guess they're not together, so it's—he doesn't have the right to say anything. Let's see, what else? Oh, she also says, "You need to—if you're gonna start staying here, you need to help with rent," and he seems like, "Oh no, I"—it seems like he doesn't really have the money for that. Let's see, I think after that Earn decides that he needs to go—go to his parents, probably for money. He gets there and his dad is nice but doesn't ask him—doesn't invite him inside their house, probably because they're sort of used to him coming over and asking for money, and things are definitely tense between them. Oh yeah, at first he had gone to work at—it looked like he was working in an airport or something, it wasn't clear, trying to sell—trying to sell some—tried to get people to sign up for some credit card or some financial program something. And he was talking to the guy he was working with, and they were—Earn was saying, "Oh, I'm broke and now I'm gonna have to pay rent and I'm not doing a good job at my job." And somehow the rapper Paper Boy comes up and shows him the video, and Earn is like, "Oh, that's my cousin." So he goes and realizes, "Oh, maybe I can manage my cousin," and you know, that'd be the solution to my financial problems. So that's when he decides to go over to his parents' cause he wants to find out where Alfred is. He asks where Alfred is, and I think he—I don't remember if they told him where he was. Anyway, he ends up finding Alfred, goes over to his house. Alfred is like really engrossed in a video game, and Darius is like cooking, or it's sort of weird because he's like—has an apron on and seems like he just baked cookies and he's getting milk out. And Darius seems like he's sorta weird right off the bat. And then and then Alfred comes in when he knocks. Alfred points a gun to his chest, so you sort of see that Alfred is not afraid of pulling a gun out. And anyway, so lets his cousin in. Darius is holding a knife, so I don't know why they were like afraid of someone coming over. I don't know if that's routine or whatever, but they were definitely like ready to fight. And then Alfred is—or not Alfred, Earn is insisting that he really wants to—that he really wants to manage him, and you can tell that he's like really motivated to—you know, I don't think he's necessarily motivated to help Alfred as much as he's like motivated to help himself, but he thinks it's a good opportunity. They go outside and they're smoking, and you can tell Earn is like a really determined character. He's like, "I'm not gonna smoke, I'm doing business." I don't think he's really able to persuade Alfred and Darius. Alfred something to the effect of, "I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral, so I'm sort of mad at you, you better leave." But then Earn takes it upon himself and goes to some friend that he has at a radio station. I don't know if they were high school classmates or they were previous friends. Unlike the other characters that were so far introduced, this person is white, and you can tell that there's some racial tensions. The white friend uses a racial slur with Earn, and Earn is clearly put off by that but like doesn't really let it show. And Earn is basically trying to persuade him to play Paper Boy's—Paper Boy's song, and he's like sort of acting like they're buddies but was basically unhelpful and said that, "You're gonna need to pay me for me to be able to help you." And Earn is like, "I don't have that kind of money," so I don't—so he was basically pretty—it was—it was clear that his white friend is trying to appear really cool but was like, "You know," shared some anecdote about a station party and how he would've invited Earn but he didn't know he was in town. So the whole thing seemed a little bit phony. Anyway, Earn was like definitely put off by this encounter and decides to take things into his own hands. Gets some money together, takes Paper Boy's CD, and makes friends with the janitor, and the janitor lets him into the station, and he just takes it straight to the white friend's boss's office and leaves—leaves the mixtape or whatever it's called underneath his door. And by that night it's playing. And I guess I should mention, in the process of this, Earn was supposed to be taking care of his daughter, and his girlfriend or the mother of his daughter was like, "Do not leave her at your parents again, you're always leaving her at your parents, not taking care of her yourself." But in the process of this, he did take his daughter just to be at his parents', which would probably upset the mother anyway. So he—I after the song gets played at the station, he's on—oh yeah, so he's like on the subway, his daughter's in his arms, and I don't know what this—it almost seemed like a hallucination. I don't know if it was a hallucination or—I don't know, it seemed really weird, didn't quite figure it out. There was this like really ambiguous man who seemed like really prophetic and was making a Nutella sandwich, and it was really strange. I think he was imagining him but I don't know, it sort of made it seem like Earn was a little bit messed up or something traumatic had happened. And he—the man steps off the—the man, he was like giving him like this ambiguous life advice about, "You know, like flowing in the current when the limb is broken or whatever," just some weird thing. Gets off the bus with the dog that had been in the first scene that Darius said, "I'm having deja vu." There's that dog, and then the dog was there. So that whole thing as just like really weird, and I'm not quite sure what the take away from that was. Anyway, so this happens and then I think Darius gets called—no, no, not Darius, Earn gets called by Alfred and says, "Do you hear that's"—and he's like, "Hear what?" And it's his song playing on the radio. And so—and he must know that Earn made that happen, and so Earn goes to join Alfred and Darius and sorta celebrate. And this is where it circles back to where it's—where the episode started. They're sitting in a car celebrating that the song is on the radio. And then Alfred calls out the window to some woman walking by, definitely in like a sexual way, that the woman didn't appreciate. And then he—after being—you know, he was responded to poorly—and then he says some nasty thing to her. And then lo and behold, thirty seconds later, so someone comes in and smashes off his window. And so then they get into a fight, and yeah, and Alfred ends up shooting this guy. The dog thing—actually I don't remember if the dog was in the second view of the scene. I can't remember it now, I don't know if it played the whole thing, but basically they—he shoots him. And then the—about at the same or the TV cuts to Van, which is Earn's—Earn's something, previous girlfriend, mother of his daughter, sees that there's a shooting on the news, and Earn was one of two suspects, Alfred being the other suspect. And that is where the episode ends.