So at the beginning of the episode, they started out with this scene at the gas station with four African Americans, but we didn't really have any context yet. And it was a flashback to what was gonna happen later in the episode. And then it goes back to the real life, and Earn is waking up next to Fran, I think her name is. And at first it seems they're a couple because they're kissing and talking, and they just woke up in the same bed. Then it gets a little confusing later because Fran is talking about how she is a little upset with Earn, and that he never says, "I love you." And we realize that they're not really exclusive because Earn was talking about the other girl in his dream. And we later find out that they have a daughter named Lottie together. But Earn has to take Lottie for the night because Fran is going out on another date. So their relationship was a little bit confusing because I'm not sure if Earn actually wants to be with her, or if he just wants to be with her because he needs somewhere to stay, and he doesn't have a lot of money or a job. And they just have a kid together, so they're kind of forced to be together. But it seems they could have a good future together if they applied themselves. And then the episode goes to Earn's strive to find a job and work 'cause he has to pay the rent tonight. So he goes to his job at the airport, I think selling something. And he learns from his friend that the new song, "Paper Boy"—his cousin Alfred sings that. So he gets an idea. He goes to his parents also to see if they would give him any money or let him stay there. But his parents seem—they're kind of fed up with Earn because he is kind of irresponsible and needs to grow up and get a job and provide for himself without relying on other people so much. So that doesn't work. He goes to find his cousin Alfred. And at first Alfred is not very happy to see him because, over the years, their relationship has not gone very well. They haven't talked to each other—the last time they talked to each other was at the mother's funeral. And it also seems Alfred and his friend Darius live kind of a more rapper-like, gang-like, or violent—maybe not violent, but a little bit more different lifestyle than Earn. And they live in a dangerous part of town because when Earn comes over, they—Alfred answers the door with a gun to his face. And his friend has a knife pointed at him before they knew who it was. So this conversation didn't go that well for Earn, but he's still determined. So he goes and sees—finds his friend Dave, who's a white guy. He finds him in a parking lot, and he works for radio station. So he's trying to get the song "Paper Boy" on the radio station. And Dave is kind of the annoying typical white guy. He uses the n-word, which is not okay, and he tells jokes that aren't funny. And Earn pretends to laugh, but he seems like kind of an annoying guy. And then Dave tells him that he can only get the song on the radio for cash. So Earn goes and finds some cash in a suitcase somewhere. And he befriends the janitor so he's able to get in the building. And he can slip the money under KP's door to play the track. So the track plays, and when Alfred hears it, he is really happy. So he calls Earn back and decides that he wants him to be his manager. And Dave—Earn also has a dog—or, not a dog, a daughter Lottie, as I mentioned. And it's his responsibility to take care of her for the night. So when he's on the bus, before he meets Alfred, he meets this guy. And it's kind of a weird interaction because Lottie's sleeping and she's listening to music in her headphones. And the guy offers a bite of his sandwich. And you hear some sirens go by, and then when Earn looks back, the guy's gone and the dog is off in the—and he sees a dog with the man. So it's kind of a weird situation. And then at the end of the episode, when Alfred goes and meets Darius—when Earn goes and meets Darius and Alfred first, they smoke a little bit, and then they listen to the song "Paper Boy." And they decide that they're gonna work together. So Earn is really excited because he wants to provide for his family and he's really struggling to get by. And then the—what happens? Oh yeah, so they're playing the music outside of the gas station, and this is the scene as the beginning almost; it's the same setting. And then Dave walks by, and they have another interaction. And he tells the bad Flo Rida joke. And they don't think it's funny, so Dave walks away. I think he's kind of intimidated because it's a three-to-one ratio. And then Lottie—no, not Lottie, some guy walks by their car and hits the window—the mirror, the side mirror, and knocks it off. And so Alfred is really annoyed as I would expect, except then he goes after him. He tries to take the gun at first, but Earn tells him that's not a good idea. So he leaves the gun, but he still yells and runs after him. So this is looking to be pretty dangerous. So Earn follows him. He looks—I'm pretty sure he grabs the gun just to be his safe. I'm not—I don't remember if he actually grabs it, but he looks at it and runs after the men. And there's a shooting because at the beginning we see that there's a shooting, but we don't really know who it involves. And we still don't know yet because when Fran gets back from her date night and picks up Lottie and then—from the parents' house, and then goes back to the apartment, she turns on the news and sees Earn's mugshot and Alfred as the suspects in a recent shooting. So she's really concerned. And then the episode ends. Something else that happened at the beginning of the episode after the shooting scene: we see that there's a dog that is—appears, which is the same dog that Earn meets on the bus. So that could have a connection to whatever the plot that is going on in. And I wanted to talk a little bit more about Earn's lifestyle because it seems he's really living off of his parents' and his girlfriend or—and his friends. And he is kind of an outcast because everyone's sick of trying to help him and he can't find a stable solution. I'm also wondering about the nature of Earn and Fran's relationship because it seems Earn is conflicted on whether he really loves her or whether he just wants the things from her. And Fran seems like she's getting really annoyed with him because he continues to not take responsibility for his actions. He won't say, "I love you," to her.