So last week's episode starts with a scene with Paper Boy and Childish Gambino's character—I forgot his name—and another guy. I think started with a D. I forgot his name too. I just remember Paper Boy's name. They were at this parking lot and there was a fight going down about a broken mirror, a broken car mirror. And Paper Boy basically gets angry and pulls out a gun. There was a guy with another girl whose the guy kicked down, broke the mirror, and Paper Boy's asking for repayment or something. And then basically Paper Boy pulls out a gun. The guy's like, "Don't shoot. If you shoot, I wouldn't do that because there's people behind you who will protect me or something." And then Paper Boy still shoots. That the scene ends with an aerial shot of him shooting. And then it zooms past these suburbs. There's a basketball court. There's just pictures, an aerial shot of a landscape, the city. And then it goes to Childish Gambino's character with his girlfriend, who he has a baby with. He talks about he wakes up listening to music. He talks about a dream, dreams about him underwater in a pool that's the ocean and there's seaweed like hands that are grabbing him. And then a woman is telling him not to let the hands grab him. And he's telling this dream to his wife or no, not his wife, his girlfriend. And his girlfriend's kinda getting jealous. And then she's like, like something like asking about the girl, like, "What was the girl like?" And then Gambino's character was like, "Oh, she was fat and uninteresting." But his girlfriend's like, "Oh, you're telling a lie." And he's like, "Yeah, I told a lie." And then his girlfriend gets up, goes to the bathroom, she's upset or something, or she just went in to go brush up and get ready for the day. Gambino goes to his daughter, who's a baby in a crib, picks her up, speaks to her. And then talk, and they, Gambino and his girlfriend, talk about their plans for the rest of the day. Gambino goes to work while his girlfriend has a date planned with another guy later that night. Gambino goes to work at this airport and he's advertising some product or some service or something with another friend. His friend talks about a party last night and then talks about Paper Boy, who's getting really big, and shows a video on his iPhone to Gambino about Paper Boy. And then Gambino's like, "Oh, wait, that's my cousin." And you can tell Gambino's not doing so hot with his job. I think because there was this other older lady who's across from them who's making a lot of deals, a lot of sales. And she kind of teases them by making humping motions towards one of her customers. Gambino decides to go, go try to find Paper Boy. He goes to his parents' house, goes to his parents' house. His parents are like, "Why are you?" They don't really want him there 'cause they think they want—he wants money, but he's just there for to find out where Paper Boy is. His parents also accuse him of using the restroom in their house and I guess not flushing, 'cause his mom was basically judging from the quality of his poop. He was like, "Oh, you've been eating too much chips and junk food and you gotta stop that." Yeah, yeah. And then basically his dad behind a screen door doesn't let Gambino in, but his dad tells him where Paper Boy lives. Gambino goes to Paper Boy's residence. Paper Boy is playing a video game while his partner in crime—I don't know what's the term, but his—I don't know, I'm not sure if it's a friend or not. I don't really know what he is. If he's part of Paper Boy's crew, I don't know, basically some person, some friend, I guess. They're in the house. Gambino knocks on the door. Paper Boy pulls out a gun. The other guy is it Darius? It might be Darius. I don't know. I think it's Darius. Or just whatever, the other guy pulls out a knife. He's in a—he's in a kitchen apron with cookies. He's got a knife. He pulls a handkerchief over his face. Gambino opens the door. Paper Boy's pointing his gun at him. He goes, "Oh, it's just my cousin." He lets him in. Gambino starts talking how he wants to be a manager for them. And Paper Boy's kind of not sure about that. He doesn't want a manager. He makes a reference to Malcolm and Malcolm and Martin, something about that. I don't exactly remember why he does said that. I remember there being a joke sometime in the episode. I don't know where it might be here where someone's asking about Gambino and the a girl, and then he mentions he says yes, and then someone's like, "Oh, really? You're talking about your daughter, right?" I forgot. Okay, it was just a random thought that came to me, something that happened in the episode anyway. While he's at the Paper Boy residence, he, Paper Boy and his friend, go out into this empty grass land where it's just a slab of concrete they sit on. And they start smoking marijuana. And then Gambino's character just doesn't do it 'cause he's there for professional reasons. They basically, it's basically them talking about trying to, Gambino trying to be the manager, but Paper Boy's like no. And then Gambino's talking about how this could benefit both parties, how he wants to support his kids, well his kid and his wife. And but still no. So he leaves. As he's walking away from the Paper Boy place, he sees this white guy and with a lanyard that seems to be from a convention or something. This guy talks about how there's a DJ at a radio station party that was playing Flo Rida and he didn't like the DJ and he called him an n-word. And then Gambino was kind of turned off by that. And then he basically tries to get him to play, try to get the radio guy to play Paper Boy on the radio. And then the radio guy says something like, "You need to pay five hundred dollars for something." I guess it's something to do with getting Paper Boy on air time, to have air time. Gambino sees a janitor. And then the radio station guy goes to this building for the radio station. Gambino sees a janitor. Janitor's name is Prince. Prince's has has this big container, he's wheeling the container. I don't know what is in it. And then Prince basically, Gambino asks if the radio guy ever called Prince the n-word. He says no. "I would've like beat him up." He, I think it assumed that he gets the janitor to let him into the building because he in a later scene he goes into the building and sneaks by the radio guy who's in a sound studio listening, probably on the air or something. Sneaks in a CD, presumably with Paper Boy's stuff, into under the door of probably some higher upper. And then let's see, after that Gambino goes to on a bus to go back home. I guess I'm not sure if that's the right chronology. Yeah, I guess that's the right chronology. He goes onto the bus, see this guy with a fedora and a business suit sitting behind him. He has his baby in his arms. Guy with the fedora starts making conversation with him. And he and then Gambino says something like, "Oh, I keep on getting shitted on by the world and I'm just taking shit from the world. And why does that happen? It seems like I'm suffering so that other good people can enjoy life." And then the guy with the fedora said something like, "You just gotta avoid defeat and you gotta be a broken stick in the river." And then gives, he makes something for Gambino, might be a sandwich or something. It's food for Gambino and he tells him to eat it. Gambino's like, "What the fuck? No." And then a police car siren passes. Bus stops. Bus door opens and a second the guy with the fedora disappears, leaves the bus, is outside with a dog. This is the dog that Paper Boy's friend saw in the gas station parking lot where he shot the other guy. So it's got this mysterious quality to it. On the same bus, Paper Boy, Gambino gets a call from Paper Boy over and behind the background noise he hears Paper Boy's song playing on the radio. He's excited. He goes to see Paper Boy, tells him to come there to where he is. He meets Paper Boy. He's in a—and then the next scene is he's in a car with Paper Boy listening to the music. They're smoking marijuana. Paper Boy is just really excited. There's a lot of money. I think there's money in the glove of the car or something. There's also a gun in the glove of the car. There was a girl who walks by in the parking lot. Paper Boy catcalls her or something, says like, "Oh, that's me on the radio." And the girl basically says, "Fuck off." And then Paper Boy, Paper Boy tells her to fuck off. And then she's just like, he just basically goes back to minding his own business. And then his window gets smashed. And then that leads to presumably the fight and then the shooting. Then it cuts to Gambino's parents' house where there's another woman. I don't know who this woman is. And she sees on the news on the TV that there's been a shooting and she sees Paper Boy and Gambino on TV. And then she's like, "Oh, oh fuck." And that's when that's how the episode ends.