The episode starts with a scene in a gas station near a convenience store. There's three men in a car, three black men, that walk out after the mirror on the left side of their car gets smashed by a man walking by. And there's an altercation between the man who smashed the mirror, his significant other, the girl that's with him, and then the three men in the car. So they all walk out and they're talking outside of the convenience store, and they're just going back and forth about what had happened. And the heaviest man, whose name is—whose rap nickname is Paper Boy—basically tells the man who smashes car mirror that he has to pay for it. And when the man refuses, he pulls out a gun, and then his cousin slash almost manager pulls out a gun also and tells him to put his away. And then the man who is getting pointed at with the gun, the one who smashed the car mirror, tells him that he has people behind him and that they should put their guns away. And the woman, before or in the middle of the altercation, basically tells the guy, the heaviest guy, Paper Boy, that he can buy his own mirror since he's the rapper who's on the radio that he's claiming to be. And then the scene cuts and there's rap music playing in the background, and you see an overview of the neighborhood near DeKalb, is I think was the street. Then you see a basketball court, you see the landscape. And then the scene cuts to the cousin or the manager that you saw in the scene before. He's the shorter male waking up in a bed with his significant other or sort of significant other. They're not married and they don't seem to be girlfriend and boyfriend, which I'll explain later. But basically he wakes up and starts listening to music in his headphones, and the woman next to him wakes up because of the sound, kind of puts her hand on his face and pushes the headphones off, and asks why he's awake. He says he has a weird dream and that he basically saw—he was in a pool but it seems like an ocean. There were hands underneath him or it was seaweed but he felt like they were hands. And there is a woman telling him that he has to keep swimming to stay above or else they have to pull him under. And the woman says, "Wow, that must be," or, "Wow, that's so deep." And then jokingly says, "Oh, but who was the girl?" And he tries to reassure her that it was some fat boring girl and not to be concerned. And she says she's confused, jokingly. They're just kind of teasing each other. And basically he rolls over and kisses her, and they're kissing. And she tells him to say— or actually hold on, sorry—when he rolls over to try and kiss her, she tells him no because she has bad breath. But he persistently says, "No, I wanna kiss you. Oh, what is that smell? Curry." And they joke but they kiss. And then she says, "Oh, tell me you love me." And he laughs instead of actually saying, "I love you." So she gets annoyed and gets out of bed and goes to the bathroom to undo her hair. Meanwhile he gets up and goes to another room with a crib and a baby girl, so it's their baby. So at this point in the story we don't know their actual relationship, we just know that they have a child together. But later on we find out that she's going on a date and that's why she's gonna be home at eleven PM, so they're not a mutually exclusive couple. Also while she's in the bathroom, he's with the girl. She tells him that he needs to pay for rent since he's living there now and that she wants it that night. And that's when he asks her, "When will you be home?" She says, "Eleven," and she explains that she has a date. She mentions the parent-teacher conference at some point but it's kind of inaudible what specifically she says about it. And she also tells him that she doesn't want the daughter to be at his parents' house and that he had better pick her up after school. That doesn't happen, which we find out later. But yeah, after that it cuts to a scene where he's in the airport. And him and another man, they aren't flight attendants, they're trying to sell deals at the airport. I don't know the name for the job but they're just at the airport trying to convince people to buy something. And a man walks by them and as the manager cousin guy says, "Oh hey, do you want so and so," a guy passes by and says, "Fuck off." And the other coworker says that that was rude. Anyways then there's an exchange between the coworker and I don't remember the main character's name right now but I'm just gonna refer to him as the manager slash cousin. So the manager slash cousin and his coworker have an exchange about a new music video and recent events that have happened on the streets. And his coworker's just kind of describing a party. He talks about I think it was drugs and money that he got something. And then he shows him a video, Paper Boy's the song to rap. And the manager cousin guy realizes that the guy in the video is his cousin. And then jokingly his coworker's, "Oh, one of the girls, who?" And asks if it's gross that he thinks that, one of the women are hot. And he and the manager explains that he, that the cousin is his, is the guy rapping, not one of the girls in the background. Anyways then the coworker buys that the main character—oh finally remembered his name, Earn—reminds Earn, advises Earn to try and get a cut with his cousin before he becomes super famous, that way he can get money. And Earn decides to take him upon that advice. Also during this scene we see an old woman near them who also has the same job as them, convincing a young white male who looks like he's a college student cause he has a backpack to sign some form or buy whatever they're selling. And then she looks at Earn and pretends to I don't know, hump the the college student while he's signing the paper because she knows that she's good at her job and because she's an old woman people talk to her and don't tell her to fuck off. Anyways then the scene cuts and it shows Earn trying to go to his parents to find out where his cousin is. And in the scene his father doesn't let him into the house because he thinks that Earn just wants money. And Earn asks if he'll invite him in and his dad says no because you're too—it's too expensive. And then when he when Earn tries to plead to his mom and be, "Oh you know are you really not gonna let me in or do you really think that I'm here for money," she explains that yes she does think that he's just there for money. So he asks them where his cousin is and his dad tells him he's at the—he's at some apartment complex, I don't remember the name—and says, "Thank you." And then Earn asks his parents to pick up his daughter from school and take care of her for the day, even though his significant other, the girl in the beginning scene, told him not to do that. And then the scene cuts again to him going to meet his cousin at the apartment complex, the neighborhood that seems to be the worst neighborhood. And when he knocks on the door we see his cousin come out with a gun. He barely opens the door and just points a gun out of the door. And Earn explains that you know it's him. He walks, his cousin lets him in, they walk inside. And then the cousin's associate has a knife in his hand and a plate of cookies. And when he realizes that it's just Earn he offers him a cookie. And so Earn's cousin is, "What do you want? Are you here because of Paper Boy?" And when Earn denies that his cousin says, "Oh please, people just don't act nice out of nowhere." And then Earn explains that he doesn't want money, he wants to be his cousin's manager. And when his cousin is, "Why do you think you'd be a good manager? Where do you think the word manager comes from?" And because Earn's actually really smart and apparently went to Princeton at some point which we find out later in the storyline, he says, "Oh, it's probably Latin for hand." And his cousin says no or, "You're probably right, I don't know, but for the sake of the argument we're gonna go with no. It comes from the word man," which you really aren't. Basically saying he doesn't have enough street cred or masculinity I guess to be his manager. And all during this time the other man with a black cap on his head and tattoos is just kind of rambling on and on. I think he's high in that scene and he's just randomly talking in the background. Then the scene cuts to them or Earn's—Earn's cousin says, "Oh no, it's four o'clock, we're late for something." The camera zooms into his face. And the next scene is the cousin, Earn, and then Earn's cousin's associate, I don't remember his name but it's the guy in the black hat and the tattoos, all sitting on a couch in the middle of the field outside while it's sunny. And Earn's cousin and the other man are smoking weed and offer Earn some, and Earn turns him down. And they ask why. He says it's because they're doing business. And then they're, "Oh, if you wanna be a rapper's manager you should be able to do business high." Anyways Earn denies or declines smoking. And then they talk for a little bit and the conversation basically goes into the direction of Earn trying to convince him that he would be a good manager because he knows people in the industry, in the music industry. But his cousin ultimately turns him down. And the next scene cuts to to Earn in a parking lot. He comes out behind the dumpster and starts talking to this white guy. They supposedly know each other from a previous experience. So the white guy's, "Hi," and they hug. And then he tells Earn a story about him at a party the previous day and if he knew that Earn was in town he would've taken him. But basically it was a big party and the DJ was really bad. And then he tells Earn, "Yeah, he just started playing Flo Rida and didn't like it so he pulled him over," or he tells Earn that he pulled the DJ over at some point. It was just really n-word. And Earn's kind of taken back by the fact that this white man is saying the n-word and asks him, "Did you really say that?" And the white guy says, "Yes." And then anyways they keep talking and walking in the parking lot towards the door. And Earn asks if he could slide a record by. I think they work at a radio station or the white guy works at a radio station or a some a records company. And basically asks and Earn basically asks him if he can show him a CD from a mixtape from Paper Boy to see if they can get on the radio. Long story short the white guy says that he'd slide it by for five hundred dollars but if not then business is a business and he doesn't have the time and he won't slide it through, he won't just do Earn a favor. So anyways then the white guy goes inside and you see the white guy interacting with three other random men in the way out. And you see and you hear the words, "Hey guys, hi, my dude," like normal words. And then Earn sees a black man who's either a janitor or a garbage man and asks him if the white guy had ever called him the n-word. And the garbage man basically says, "If he would I'd pop a cap in his ass." I think that's what he says but basically he just threatens the white guy and just tells Earn like no, basically no. And then you see Earn just kind of ask the garbage man, "Oh, how later are you gonna be here tonight?" And then the scene cuts but we can assume that they make some kind of deal to go to get Earn inside. Anyways then we see the scene cut again and Earn's cousin, Paper Boy, comes to visit Earn's parents and conveys his concern that that Earn came to him because he wanted to manage him but he's worried that Earn has ulterior motives and he can't trust him and says, "No offense." But then Earn's dad is, "Yeah, I don't, I don't blame you." And like during the scene you clips of Earn going to the studio while the white guy is rapping or singing and slides a CD with Paper Boy's song and five hundred dollars, which we previously see him take out of the box with Jordan sneakers. And he slides them under the door that says KP like something. And during the scene also while Paper Boy's talking to Earn's parents he says he wants to see Earn's daughter but Earn's mom says no because she can smell the weed from all the way across the front front yard and she accuses them of being high. And then also at some point Paper Boy's associate, the same guy with the black cap and tattoos, asks him if he can measure the tree in the yard. And Earn's father says, "No, maybe not right now." And then the man basically just says, "Why can't you just say no?" And then we see another scene cut to where Earn's on a bus with his daughter. And they both have headphones on and she has these princess headphones on. And there's a random man on the other side right across from him on the bus in a brown suit who basically asks Earn what's wrong. And Earn asks if some people are meant to always lose so that to make the lives of the winners easier. And the man while making a Nutella sandwich on white bread says something along the lines of something very morbid or depressing that Earn disagrees with and says no, you know he'll come up come out on top, something along the lines of that. And then the man tells Earn that he had better bite the sandwich or if he wants a bite of the sandwich. And then Earn says no. And then it seems like the man in the brown suit threatens him to bite the sandwich. Then we hear sirens of a police car and the next thing we see is the empty Nutella can on the bus seat while the man runs out into the forest with a dog next to him. Then Earn takes the headset off of his daughter because right before he texts his significant other, the woman, her name is Van, "Hey I love you, can we talk tonight?" He gets a call from Alfred, I think that's Alfred, and that's actually the name of Paper Boy, that's the name of his cousin. He gets a phone call. He takes off the headphones off his daughter and calls or picks up the call and it's Paper Boy blasting his song in the background trying to show Earn that his song's on the radio. And Earn's, "Wow, that was fast." And Paper Boy tells Earn to come talk to him and Earn says a manager. And his cousin says, "Slow your ass down," or something like that. The next scene cuts and it's them in front of that same convenience store that we saw in that first scene. And this time Earn does accept smoking and they're all just kind of or Earn, his cousin Alfred, and the other associate are all in the car smoking and rejoicing over the fact that his song is on the radio. And then while this is happening Paper Boy, several minutes later, some time later, who's very high, call cat calls a girl walking by in a blue mini dress and curly hair in a curly afro. And he calls out to her and she basically tells him, "Leave me alone," or something along those lines. And then Earn and Paper Boy and the associate are also talking or something. And a couple of seconds later we see a man who's with the girl knock down or not or break the side mirror just like what initiated the the first scene. And Paper Boy comes out of the car pissed about the fact that the man broke his mirror. Then the scene cuts again to Van or Earn's girl coming home to pick up her daughter from Earn's parents' place. We assume that in between that cut is the initial scene that we saw where there's where it ends with everyone pulling out guns and you hearing a gun fire shot. But anyways then the girl picks up while picking up her daughter, she's in the romper and she's just in the living room. And she sees on the news that allegedly Earn and Paper Boy have been arrested for something for an alleged shooting on DeKalb Street. And the picture of Paper Boy is just a generic picture but then the picture of Earn looks like it's almost like a school photo. And she whispers under her breath, "You idiot," regarding Earn. Yeah, I think that's everything. I think the only thing I didn't mention was the fact that while Paper Boy, Alfred, visits Earn's parents he mentions whatever happened to Princeton, which is how we know Earn's really smart and went to Princeton or attended Princeton at some point. His father says the fact that Earn's more likely to tell Paper Boy than he's to tell him. And then Paper Boy says, "No, Earn's good at keeping his mouth shut." But that's that's an earlier scene. See if there's anything else. I think the convenience store that they're in front of both times has a red and white awning. Earn, you typically see Earn in knee length shorts and a backpack so he kind of sticks out in the different scenes because he normally ventures into a worse neighborhood to worse neighborhoods. Yeah, I think that's it.