Okay, so at the beginning of the last episode, I think it was Ernie. Ernie is the main character, and he's with his cousin. I forget his cousin's real name, but his rapper name is Paper Boy. And I think it's supposed to be a foreshadow at the very beginning scene. So they're in a parking lot together in what looks like a— it's kinda a gas station, in a Seven-Eleven type store there. And they're just sitting in the car, and someone walks by and knocks the rear-view mirror off the car. And so Paper Boy gets out and is really mad at this guy, who's with this girlfriend, for knocking off the mirror. And Ernie tries to stop him. Another random detail was that there was a dog that they noticed in the parking lot, and that shows up later in the episode, which has some meaning—I'm not sure what—but there was a dog in the in the scene too. And so back to the fight, Paper Boy's telling the guy that he needs to pay for his rear-view mirror that he smashed, and the guy's saying he won't, and Ernie's telling him, "Calm to calm down." And then it zooms out, I think, and we just hear a gun go off. And then it starts through the beginning opening credit thing where they zoom out and it's an overview of a city, different shots from a city, while they play the actors and actresses and the name of the episode. And then it cuts to a different, a different scene. And I think this is kinda before the very initial scene. So Ernie wakes up with his— in a bed, and he's with his partner or ex-partner. And he's listening to music super loudly with headphones. And she wakes up and tries to take the headphones off and tell him that he shouldn't be listening to music that loudly, or, "Why isn't he asleep?" or something. I don't remember her name; we'll just say she's his partner, but I think they were married or together and had a kid, but now they're not. And so they start making out, and then she tells Ernie to say that he loves her, and he just kinda laughs. And she's like, "Why are you laughing?" and gets really mad. And then gets out of bed and starts getting ready and is ignoring Ernie. And Ernie gets up and goes to another room where their baby daughter is and starts playing with her and talking to her. And then Ernie's partner comes out from the bathroom and says that if he wants to keep staying there, she's gonna need help with rent. And then he says, "No problem, I'll get you money by tonight. Like, what time are you gonna be back?" And she says like eleven or something late. And he asks why. And then she says that she has a date, which then I think he—he's just like, "Okay," but he's upset about it. And then I think it goes from them in the house to Ernie at his job. I think he works at an airport trying to sell stuff for airlines, like memberships or something. And he's with his friend, and his friend is talking about Paper Boy's new song and how he's gonna be a hit. And Ernie listens to it and he's like, "Oh, that's my cousin." And then there's also a weird scene where they're saying that their job's unfair cause they're not old ladies, cause one of their coworkers is an old grandma-looking woman who's kind of hitting on this young guy as she convinces him to buy a membership or whatever they're selling. So then I forget what happens exactly after this, but Ernie basically has this idea that he's gonna go talk to his cousin and try and get money that way. I think the next scene though is when Ernie goes to his parents' house, and he's there to—he says to go pick up his daughter, I think—but they don't let him into the house cause they clearly don't trust him. And he's like, "What? You don't like? Why do you think I'm here? Like, I'm just like—you're not gonna let me into the house." And they're like, "No, you're probably here to get money." He's like, "What? No, I'm not here to get money." And they're like, "Yeah, you are. We already know." So then he's like, "Okay, well, where's my daughter?" Then he—he goes to get her wherever she is. And then I don't know if I'm getting the order correct, but I remember another scene where Ernie goes to Paper Boy's house. And he opens the door—yeah, it shows Ernie going to his house—but then it also shows you inside house, it shows Ernie and his sidekick—I forget what his name is—but Ernie and his sidekick in the house already. And like, I forget the name of his sidekick, but yeah, I'll just call him sidekick. And sidekick is looking through the fridge or something baking, and like I think he was like, "How good is this milk?" and it was really run or something. And then they hear the knock on the door, which we know is Ernie, but he like Paper Boy goes to the door and opens it very slightly and sticks his gun through the door. And Ernie's just like, "Yeah, no, it's just me." And so Paper Boy kind of reluctantly lets him in. And his Paper Boy's sidekick was also like standing inside the door holding like a plate of cookies and there's like a big knife. And then Ernie—they sit together on the couch, and Ernie tries to convince Paper Boy that he has connections and that he should hire him as a manager. And then Ernie—no, Ernie—Paper Boy was like kind of rejecting it, but also then they were like, "Oh, it's four thirty, like we gotta go, like it's time for our thing." And and so then they were like, "Okay, let's talk at our thing." And like it shows them smoking weed on the couch outside. And then Ernie is still trying to convince Paper Boy to let him be his manager and refuses to smoke cause he says he's doing business. And Paper Boy's like basically refuses him and says like, "No, the last time I talked to you was at my mom's funeral. You haven't reached out to me once to see how I've been, and and now you're just here to like try and basically make money off of my success. So no." And then Ernie leaves. And I think he goes to—this is where he goes to his some producing studio where he has like a friend. He's one of the radio hosts, but they're clearly not really friends. And he just shows up, and his friend is this white guy—forget his name—this tall like stereotypical white man who's kinda ignorant and maybe a little bit racist unintentionally. And is like, "Oh, Ernie, like haven't seen you in so long. Where have you been?" And Ernie says like, "Oh, just like just got in, like been keeping a low profile or something." And he—he was like, "Well, if I had known you'd been in town, I would've invited you to there was like this huge party." And started talking about a DJ, the DJ that was there, and how the DJ played two Flo Rida songs in a row, and how he had to go up and like talk to the—talk to the DJ because that wasn't cool. And he was like, he said that he said like, "Really, nigga," to the DJ. And Ernie was like, "You didn't actually say that, did you?" And he's like, "Yeah, I did, haha." And then basically he's just trying to get use his—Ernie's just trying to use his that friend as an in to get the radio to play Paper Boy's song to show his credibility to Paper Boy. And his friend says no, he can't do that cause you have to pay, like unless you wanna pay like five hundred dollars for one song. And so then he goes to goes in the building, goes to work. And Ernie runs into the like janitor who was outside, and they like chat a little bit. And then basically the janitor—we know later like helps Ernie get into the building cause it shows. I think it might switch to another scene now after this like parking lot outside the radio show building. So then the new scene is like Paper Boy and his sidekick pulling up to Ernie's parents' house, and they're playing outside with the daughter. And Paper Boy just asks if he knows where Ernie is, I think, and just asks his dad like, "Well, you know Ernie wanted to be my manager, but like how reliable is he?" And his dad was like, "Oh, I understand why you wouldn't wanna trust him, but he does like when he puts his head to something that he wants, and he'll like he works really hard to get it." So then it shows Ernie. I think he goes back to his house, like some house—I forget where he went—but he pulls out a pair of like expensive sneakers where he hid money inside of them. Like gets the money that he needs to pay for the song, gets the song, goes back to the radio plays, and like walks in the building, I assume with the help of the janitor, and like slips the money and the song under the producer's door in order to get them to play it on the radio. And then there's another scene where Ernie's on the bus, the public bus, with his daughter in his lap, and she's asleep. And this other man comes onto the bus, or he's already standing on the bus. And Ernie like makes eye contact with him. And then the guy comes and sits next to Ernie and talks to him and ask him like, "What's wrong?" And Ernie's just like, "I feel like there are people that are put on this earth specifically to lose, like to make the winners look better and like just so the winners win, cause like some people have to lose, and I'm just one of those people that always loses." And I forget what the guy says in response, but he says something while he's like—but it's also weird because he while he's trying to give advice to Ernie, he like whips out a jar of Nutella and bread and is like making his sandwich and then tries to insist that Ernie eats it. And Ernie says no. Then the bus stops really quickly, like it jerks to a stop. And Ernie like turns his head really fast from the front of the bus, and when he looks back like the guy is like getting off the bus. And the dog that I mentioned that was in the first scene is like with him. So I don't know what they symbolism behind that is, but the dog somehow shows up. So the guy just kinda randomly disappeared from the bus and left the sandwich there. And then and then there's another scene where Paper Boy—it like kinda flashes back to what was shown at the very beginning of the episode where they're in a car. Paper Boy's in the car in that parking lot near the Seven-Eleven, like the gas station type place, with his sidekick. And they hear Paper Boy come on the radio, and they call Ernie and tells like Ernie to come. And so Ernie goes—it shows Ernie going into the parking lot, gets in their car, they start smoking, and like Ernie agrees—I think not Ernie, Paper agrees to let Ernie be the manager. And then it kinda just replays the episode. Oh, I forgot that his producer that Ernie's radio friend shows up at the that time too and comes and like talks to them. And Ernie tries to get him to get his radio white friend to like retell the racist story he told about the DJ at the party and saying like, "What's up? Like you can't play like two Flo Rida songs in a row. Like what's up with that, nigga?" But when he tells the story again, he leaves out the nigga part. And Ernie's like just found that weird. I don't know why decided only to tell that to Ernie and not to the rest of them. But then he leaves. And then it kinda replays like it did in the very beginning where someone walks by and knocks off the rear-view mirror. Play Paper Boy gets really upset, and Ernie tries to stop him from getting upset. But unlike the beginning of the scene, like you see Paper Boy yelling at this guy and shooting him. And then it flashes to Ernie's partner's house, and she walks in, I assume like after her date, and it's late at night. And Ernie's mom was babysitting, so she leaves as she put the kid to bed. And Ernie's partner puts on the TV, and there's like flashing news that Paper Boy and Ernie basically shot someone and are now in jail. And that's where the episode ends with her saying like, "Those idiots," or something.