The episode begins with Earnest and Paper Boy and Paper Boy's car with Dimitrius in the back seat. A man comes up and kicks off his side mirror, and Paper Boy gets out, and they go to the parking lot where the man is standing with his girlfriend, and he demands some money for the repairs of the car. And the guy was talking about how we're all broke, blah blah blah. And then the guy who kicked down his mirror recognizes Paper Boy, and he was like, "You have the money to pay for it." And then next things next, Paper Boy has a gun up to his chest, and then Earnest says advising him not to shoot. And then the guy he has the gun up to has shows that he also has a gun and has people waiting behind him. And Dimitrius is just going on about how it's deja vu, he's looking at a dog. And then it goes to an aerial view, and we see Paper Boy presumably shooting the man. And then it goes into aerial views of Atlanta, transitions into that completely different scene. There's some buildings and scenery, and then we get view of the entire city with Atlanta in white font. And then it goes into Earnest laying in bed with his with his baby's mom, and he's awake listening to music. And he's his baby's mom is tapping him like, "Why are you up?" And he starts describing a dream to her about how these hands were trying to pull him down, and this lady advises that he swims above the hands. And his baby mom goes, "Who's the girl? Is she cute?" And he was like, "No, she's fat and dull." And he goes, "Why are you jealous?" And she goes, "You say she's fat and dull, but the next thing you're making out with her." And he said, "I didn't say I was making out with her." And then she goes, "Were you?" And he goes, "Yes." And then they start kissing, and she's talking about how her breath smells bad, and she says, "Tell me you love me." And he laughs, and she gets upset because she just wanted him to tell her that he loves her. And then we see Earnest walking to his baby's room, and he picks her up. And the baby's mom says something about how she's going to be late and that she needs Earnest to pick up the baby, and she didn't want baby at the Earnest's parents' house because she lives the baby lives at their house and she doesn't want her over at his parents' all the time. And she says she's gonna get back at eleven, and Earnest asks why. And she goes like, "I have a date." And Earnest looks at his baby and goes, "You hear that? Your mom has a date with some corny dude." And then it transitions into Earnest and his coworker at an airport, and they're talking about how he's broke and he has rent due tonight. And they start talking about the old lady across the across the room who's able to sell everything because she is old and a lady. And then Earnest's coworker shows him a video of a popular music artist called Paper Boy on a cracked phone screen. And Earnest looks at the screen and is like, "That's my cousin." Then his coworker was like, "Oh, she's pretty." And he was like, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." And his coworker goes, "You better hop on that before he gets signed." And then we transition to another scene where Earnest is on his parents' front porch step, and they won't let him into the house, but he was asking them to pick up his daughter cause he has to do business. But his dad insisted that he was just wanting money. But anyways, Earnest ends up leaving and going to find his cousin Paper Boy. So then it transitions into the next scene where he's on the front porch step again, and he knocks, and this time they open up the door. And Paper Boy has a gun, and he opens up the door like a little slit, and he realizes it it's his cousin, and he lets him in. And Dimitrius is around the around the wall with a knife and a plate of cookies and a bandana around his face. Then Paper Boy tells him it's all good, and he introduces himself to Earnest. And then they all sit down on a couch, and Earnest is talking about how he wants to be his manager, and and Paper Boy insists that he doesn't need one and he already has one and he does what he wants. And then Dimitrius randomly says, "We're late," and he goes, "Oh crap, it's four thirty." And then it transitions into all three of them sitting on a couch in an empty lot, and they're smoking weed. And Earnest was talking about how he's not gonna make any money cause he's he's old and he's not selling sex. And then Paper Boy plays this song where he he insists that he is selling sex, and he doesn't agree to let Earnest be his manager, but they keep talking. And then it transitions into Earnest being in a parking lot hiding behind a dumpster, a parking lot of a record radio station. And he comes up and he goes up to a guy he it's inferred that he used to know him, and he's asking how if he can do him a favor and play Paper Boy's track. And he was like, "Yeah, it would cost five hundred dollars." And he was like, "You're just an average man," basically saying he wouldn't do him a favor, he's just gonna treat him like anybody else. And then the guy starts going into a story about how he was at a radio party and the DJ kept playing Flo Rida, so he had to pull him aside and be like, "Really?" And then he said the n-word, and Earnest was kinda like taken aback but he wasn't gonna say anything. And then the guy goes into the record label guy goes into the building, and just before he goes, Earnest sees a janitor named Prince, and he says, "Does that guy ever say the n-word around you?" And the guy goes, "Yeah, right, he knows better." And then Earnest goes, "Yeah, of course." And then it transitions into Paper Boy being at Earnest's parents' house, and he's asking about Earnest. And Dimitrius asks Earnest's dad if he can measure his tree, and he goes, "Nah, not right now." And he goes, "Not right now" basically means no, and he's like bummed about that. And then Paper Boy asks to see Earnest's daughter Lottie, and Earnest's mom goes, "Nah, she's basically getting contact high from here." And they're basically just talking about Earnest and whether he's trustworthy or not. And then it transitions again into Earnest being on the bus with Lottie, I think that's her name, and they're both having they both have headphones in. Her his daughter's headphones are pink, and they have a little tiara on them. Anyways, he gets a call from Paper Boy saying that his track was on the radio, and he was like, "Can you meet up?" And Earnest just says, "Yeah," and then he hangs up. But this guy across the bus from him starts talking to him about this just abstract ideas, and he tells he's spreading Nutella on bread, and he tells Earnest to take a bite of the sandwich. And Earnest was like, "Nah, I'm good." And he asked him again, but before Earnest has a chance to answer, police sirens go zoom pass the bus, and he turns his head. And when he turns back around, the man's gone, but we get a view of him with the dog that was in the first scene that Dimitrius was saying it's deja vu was with this man. And then it transitions into the beginning scene again where they're in the car, it's Paper Boy, Dimitrius, and Earnest, and they're in the car at a convenience store or gas station it looks like. And the guy Dave from the record label comes up, and Earnest asks him to tell the story that he told Earnest about the Flo Rida DJ. And the man tells the story again, but he excludes the n-word. And Dimitrius goes, "I don't get it, I like Flo Rida, moms have to enjoy rap too." And then and he leaves. And then we go into the man kicking Paper Boy's mirror, and Paper Boy reaches for a gun in the front console, and Earnest says, "Don't mess with the money." And then they all get out of the car, and it goes to it goes to up in to the point where Paper Boy has a gun up to his chest, and we don't see anymore. It goes to a different scene with Earnest's baby's mom coming in from her date, taking off her shoes, and then in news on the TV about how two man two men were in a shooting, and it says Paper Boy and his manager Earnest. And then she goes, "Those idiots."