Okay, so I don't really remember the names of these people except for Paper Boy, but I'm just gonna call our main character main character. He— okay, so the episode starts with a fast forward to the shooting that happens chronologically later in the episode. Fuck, oh shit, oh no, oh god. Okay, sorry about the swearing, but you see that. Fuck, wow. The main character— oh, okay, so Paper Boy and his wingman whose name started with— oh, Derek or something. Paper Boy and Derek are fighting with a woman and her boyfriend, and our main character tries to stop Paper Boy from shooting the man that he's fighting, and then— but then the shooting happens anyway. And then we see chronologically what happens first, which is our main character waking up in a bed with his girlfriend. He talks about how he talks about his weird dream about swimming with a fat lady, and he talks about how seaweeds were hands, and the woman told him to swim above the seaweed— the seaweed hands— because they're gonna drag him down or something. And then his girlfriend gets kind of triggered and asks him if she was hot, and he's like, "No." And then she's like, "Did you make out with her?" And our main character says, "Yes." But then they're flirting, they're happy for a while, they make out until I think the woman— I think his girlfriend says, "Do you love me?" or something, and he says instead of course, he says, "Yeah, I love you," something like that. And then his girlfriend gets really mad because that's not what he usually says, and they just kinda end that lovey-dovey session. And then his girlfriend goes to the restroom to fix her appearance to go out, and she talks about how she has a date that night, so I guess I'm assuming that they're in an open relationship, but they have a kid. So our main character goes to the baby's room and plays with her; he has a daughter. And then we cut to our main character's work, which is at an airport, I believe, and he's talking with his coworker. And then they talk about how they're not old black ladies, so they can't have a more comfortable job, and they look across the lobby, and then we see an old black lady that is kind of flirting with a white boy, and she makes a really vulgar gesture. And then— fuck, oh, and then— oh, his coworker brings up Paper Boy, who is our main character's cousin, and when he says that, his coworker doesn't believe him. And then our main character leaves his work to convince Paper Boy to make him his manager. Oh god, other than this is kinda all jumbled up, so I apologize if it's out of order, but I think our main character goes to his parents' house, but then they kick him out 'cause they're like, "No, we're not gonna give you money, we don't have room for you in this home." And then our main character goes to Paper Boy's place. Right before that, I think we're shown a sequence of Paper Boy and Derek watching— no, not watching, they were playing a video game. And then our main character comes along, and then Paper Boy peeks the door open, and he points the gun at our main character, but then they let him in. And then Derek is like waiting inside with a tray of cookies and a gun, I think, and after Paper Boy tells him that he's okay, he hands him a cookie. And then our main character tries to convince Paper Boy that he should be— he should take him as his manager. Paper Boy says no because they have something that from the past, and they believe he is not a good— oh, they had a family beef kind of thing where the last thing they saw each other was at a funeral, and Paper Boy thinks basically the main character's being a snake and trying to take his money that he doesn't deserve. But then our main character goes to this radio station where he runs into his white friend who is not very politically correct and kind of rude. And this white friend thinks it's funny how he said the n-word to a DJ and said really insert n-word, and then when he kept— when the DJ kept playing Flo Rida at a party. And then— and so in response to that, our main character's like, "Did you actually like stay all that verbatim?" And the white friend's like, "Yeah, like is that a big deal?" He reacts that kind of way, and so the main character's like, "Well, oh, okay." And then he runs into a black janitor, and then he asks him, "Hey, does he like say the n-word around?" And then the janitor says like, "No, I'm gonna beat his ass if he does." And then I think we cut to— then we cut to Paper Boy talking to our main character's parents, his dad especially, who is his uncle, and then he tells him what's happening and how he doesn't trust our main character. And then when our main character's dad says, "Yeah, that's understandable." But then our main character somehow makes it into the radio station, presumably through bribing the janitor, and slips Paper Boy's CD under producer's desk or the radio host's desk or whatever, and so they start playing that music and on the station, and Paper Boy hears it. He's like, "Oh, I think I know who did this." But then they're really happy because you know they're on public radio. And oh, and right before that, the main character's dad does tell Paper Boy like, "Oh, if he sets his mind on something, he will try his best in his own way," and so we see that, and Paper Boy clearly sees that, and so they're happy with them, and they invite him to the car, the parking lot in the evening. And this time— oh, and this time when they offer weed, our main character takes it. And oh, the white— the rude white friend also— they run into the rude white friend, and Paper Boy and his sidekick are much more traditionally thug looking. And when our main character asks them to tell the story, I guess to make him realize that he's been very insensitive and to see how much of a you know coward he was gonna be in front of these macho looking black guys, how the friend— the white friend omits the detail about him saying the n-word, and the gang in the car they react very coldly. And so his white friend's like, "Oh, well I screwed up," and then he leaves. And then they're having a great time in the car until a woman walks by, and Paper Boy catcalls her, which is very rude of him, and at he swears at her when she rejects him. And then right after that, we see the woman return with her boyfriend, and that's how the gunfight happened. And so the shooting occurs, and we see that we said that happened by thought the scene of our main character's returning home and seeing that on the news. Oh wait, but before that— before that— our main character's on a public bus, and he has his daughter with them. They're both listening to their own music, and his daughter has this really cute headphones on— these really cute headphones on with it was pink and had a tiara on it, it was really adorable. And then our main character is approached by a man in a tan beige suit, and he offers him a Nutella toast, but our main character refuses. And then— and then he— oh, and then police car, you know, races by the bus, and our main character's kinda distracted by that, and he looks back, and the man in the tan suit is gone. And then outside of the window, right out right in front of the exit, we see the main in the tan suit with his dog, which we also see at the shooting scene. So yup.