So the last episode began with the scene where—I forgot the characters' names—but one of them was Paper Boy, and the main character—I forgot his name—but it takes place at a gas station. They're outside, and it's at night, and they're having an altercation with another group of people because we see that a mirror was broken, but we don't really know the context behind why the mirror's broken or what's going on in the altercation because they don't show that. They just show them arguing, and then Paper Boy pulls out a gun. And then the main character, who—I don't remember his name—also shows that he has a gun. And then the other guy that's on the opposing side pulls out his gun as well. Then we hear a gunshot, and it goes into the opening of the episode. Also, in the scene, Darius is Paper Boy's friend, and you can tell he was on drugs or something because he kept saying, "Oh, this is deja vu." And he points out a dog. Then the other guy on the opposing side is like, "What is your friend on?" So that's going on during the altercation, before the gunshot was heard. Also, in this altercation, you know, there's a girl on the opposing side as well. So the girl's involved somehow, but we don't know how yet because they don't give us that context. So then the gunshot is heard, we don't know what's going on, and then it's when the episode begins. Then the opening—after this opening—the scene opens with the main character and his girlfriend in a bedroom. We think they're in a relationship, but we find out the relationship's kinda troublesome because she's seeing other people, and he's not really okay with it. And they have a daughter together, but they're having trouble in their relationship. The main character's also having trouble in that his parents make a reference to—he's kinda homeless 'cause he's kind of living with the girlfriend—not girlfriend—and kind of at his parents' house. So he doesn't really have a stable career also. So in the opening scene—not—the second opening scene, they're in the bedroom. And he's recalling a dream he had about some girl, apparently. And apparently she was an ugly girl, but he ended up kissing her. And then the girlfriend—some—they end up kissing, I think. Then the girlfriend's like, "Say 'I love you,'" but he laughs. And then the girlfriend makes a big deal about it. So that's how you can see there are troubles in their relationship. Then that's when they go and see the daughter in the crib. And then she tells him that he's gonna watch her for the day. She has—he has her for the day because she's going on a date. And he has to make sure—yeah, she tells him that he can't just leave her at his parents' house this time; he has to take care of her because she's his responsibility. So then we—what happens next? Then there's—he finds out that Paper Boy is getting famous, getting recognition because people are listening to his music. Oh, and okay, he has his job as a salesperson, I think, for something at an airport. Maybe—oh yeah, something about an airport; he's selling something for an airport. And he—his friend tells him about Paper Boy. And then he tells him, "Oh, that's his cousin." But the friend doesn't believe him. So that's when—is it Earl—I don't know, I can't remember his name—when the main character figures out that Paper Boy is getting popular. So then, that's when he goes and visits Paper Boy. Well, first he goes and visits his parents to figure out where Paper Boy is. And his parents—I think the parents tell him. And that's when the mom makes a comment about—when he tells her that the girlfriend is seeing other people, and she's like, "Good for her." So even the parents recognize troubles in their relationship. Then, so the main character goes and finds Paper Boy, and that's when Paper Boy is with Darius. And he tells him that he wants to be his manager. Then Paper Boy's like, "You haven't—" the last time he saw him was after, I think, his mom's funeral—after somebody's funeral, and he hasn't talked to him since then. And then he just comes and says, "I want to—let's make money," or something to that extent. Then they just talk a little bit, and he doesn't know if he should let him be his manager because they haven't really spoken much. So then Paper Boy goes to his—the main character's parents' house, and talks to the dad with Darius in the car. They talk about—he asks him if he thinks he should be—if he should let the son be his manager. And the dad is honest to him, and says—well, he doesn't know because he knows how his son is, and he's really only in things for him. But when he sets his mind to something, he'll get stuff done. Then Darius is high or something, and then makes some weird comment about climbing up a tree, or cutting the tree—something about a tree. Then yeah, and they leave the parents' house. Then the main character goes to the radio station, where he meets his friend. And he's trying to get him to play Paper Boy's song on the radio because he wants to prove to Paper Boy that he could be his manager. So he goes to the radio station, and he meets his friend. And his friend has this weird story about some DJ who played Flo Rida, and he didn't want him. And he's like, "Why are you playing Flo Rida?" and then he uses the n-word with him. Then the main character's like, "Did you really say that to him?" And then the other guy was like, "Yeah," and he didn't see anything wrong with it. But you can tell that the main character saw that there is something wrong with him saying the n-word. Then, so he asked him if he can play the song. And then the guy's like, "For five hundred dollars." And then he's like, "Well, I don't have that money." And he's like, "Well, that's the only way, 'cause you have to know people," or something like that. So then the guy goes back into the studio. And he—the main character sees a custodial worker with a dumpster, and asked him how late he's there until. So we know that that's gonna be his way into the building. So then he figures out how to get into the building—into the radio station. And he ends up getting five hundred dollars from some shoebox, or something. He goes to the station, gives him the five hundred dollars, and they end up playing Paper Boy's song. Then this brings me back to when Paper Boy was at his dad's house. They mention some kind of incident, or something happened, but we don't know what happened, and the main character doesn't really tell anybody about it. And the dad's like, you know, "You'd find out before I would, about the incident." So maybe that has something to do with the money, I'm not sure. So then—so he goes and gets the guy to play Paper Boy's song on the radio. Then Paper Boy is—okay, this goes to another scene where Paper Boy is at the gas station with Darius, and they're listening to his song on the radio. Then the guy—and they call up the main character. And they ask—or they tell him, "Look, can you hear this?" and stuff. And he tells him to come on over. So then the main character goes to the gas station with Paper Boy and Darius, and he gets in the car, and they start smoking weed. Then the guy from the radio station comes out, and then he plays his song. Then the main character has him—the guy from the radio station—say the song—not the song—say the story, the DJ story, to Paper Boy and Darius. And he says the story, except he leaves out the—where he told him the n-word. And you can tell that Darius and Paper Boy didn't really find that story amusing. And the main character knew that they wouldn't. That's why he had him say the story, because they were like, "Well, I kinda like Flo Rida." Then that's when the radio station guy gets kinda defensive and like, "Oh yeah, I don't know why he made me say that story," even though he was very proud of that story the first time he told him. So then—yeah, so then the radio station guy leaves. And Paper Boy ends up catcalling some girl who's walking across the gas station. Then this guy comes over and kicks off the mirror of Paper Boy's car. So now we can start connecting the dots and say that this was the same mirror from the very beginning, just kind of a backwards thing; started with the end of this episode. So he kicks off the mirror, and Paper Boy and Darius and the main character, they get out of the car. And then they start getting into an altercation with the guy who kicked off the mirror. And he's like, "You have to pay for it." And then the guns are pulled, and Darius makes his remark about dog. And then gunshot is heard. Then, however, this time after the gunshot, the scene goes into the main character's parents' house, where the girlfriend goes to pick up the daughter. Then the news is on. And then on the news, they show shooting happened, two suspects in custody, someone was shot, a possible third suspect. And they show the picture—Paper Boy and the main character. And we still don't know who got shot. So then we—the girlfriend was like, "Idiot," or something like that; she makes a remark. And then that's the end of the episode, I believe. And then this one part, I think, was one of the scenes where the main character was on a bus, with his daughter in his arms, listening to Paper Boy's song, I believe—I'm not sure. And some guy's next to him in a suit, putting Nutella on a bread. And he asks him to eat the Nutella on the bread, or peanut butter—I'm not sure if it was Nutella. And then the guy—the main character's like, "No, I'm not gonna do that." And this is a very odd scene; we don't know how it connects. And the guy just gets off, or suddenly off the bus. And then we just see him going into the woods with a dog that kinda looks like the dog from the shooting scene, where Darius was like, "Oh, it's deja vu." We really don't know how that connects, but yeah.