So the episode starts with Paper Boy and Earn and Darius, the skinny friend, and some altercation with this man and woman at some kind of store or gas station, and the fight is escalating, and Paper Boy pulls out his gun and holds it up to the man, and Earn sees this dog, and which makes him question things, and I don't really know why, but Paper Boy kills the man, and this was kind of in a flash forward moment. And then it goes to the kind of— or I guess it just goes, it goes to Earn and his ex-girlfriend, ex-wife, in bed, and he's recounting a dream, and it's very clear that the woman, I think it's Van, Val, something like that, is jealous of the woman in his dream, and they're kind of joking about it. And then she asks him to tell her that he loves her, and he kind of brushes it off, and this is while they're kissing, and she— she gets frustrated, so it's clear she's jealous. But then she gets up to fix her hair, and he goes to their child, and she reminds him that it's his night to take care of her, and she tells him that she has a date for that night, which is when I first realized that they weren't together, even though they were—he's sleeping in her house and they have a child. And she wants— she still wants him to tell her that he loves her, but also she reminds him to pay rent. And then I think it goes to him at his job, which is as a salesman for this credit card company, and he's stationed in an airport, and he's there with his friend who has the same job, and his friend shows him a music video of Paper Boy, which is when Earn realizes that Paper Boy's his cousin. And it's clear that he's not very— or Earn is not very good in his job compared to this other woman with the same job who's clearly signing up more people for the credit card. So then Earn goes to his parents' house, and his dad opens the door and clearly thinks or expects Earn to ask for to borrow money, which he seems opposed to, and his mom is there as well, and she reacts positively to his ex having a date that night, but in the end he doesn't even get invited into the house and isn't able to borrow any money from them. What's next? I think he then goes to see Paper Boy at his house, and that's where Darius greets him with a knife and a plate of cookies. And Earn asks Paper Boy if he can be his manager, and Paper Boy's opposed to this, also I think because he feels he's just using him for money, which he partly is, I guess. But then they go outside and smoke kind of in this large field but on a couch at four thirty, and they're discussing it, and I think Earn brings up how he has some kind of connection to— I don't know if they're producers or if it's the radio show guy, but he has some kind of connection, and he would be a good manager, and Paper Boy's still opposed. So next Earn goes to his friend— friend in quotes, he doesn't actually like him—and wants him to play Paper Boy's biggest song on their radio show so that he can be noticed and and get more money and stuff. And the radio show host doesn't want to unless he can pay five hundred dollars, and he's talking to Earn says that you know he doesn't have the money for that, he has to pay rent, he's not paid enough, but basically he doesn't have the money. And the guy's like, "That sucks, that's that's too bad," and just walks into the building. And he's talking to the janitor and he befriends him basically, and asks him to let him in later that day so he can slip someone the money and the track so that they can play it on the radio show, and so he does that. And oh, so Paper Boy goes to Earn's parents' house and admits to his dad— so Paper Boy's uncle—that he doesn't trust Earn but that he's asked to become his manager, and the dad is kind of like, "I don't blame you." And they have Earn's daughter there, they're taking care of her for him. And then I guess it skips to Earn has picked up his daughter and is on the bus to bring her home, and she's sleeping in his lap, and there's a man sitting originally across from him that then moves next to him and starts putting Nutella on a sandwich, and it's some kind of figment on Earn's imagination, and I don't really remember their conversation but it was weird. And he tells him to eat the sandwich and he doesn't, so he runs off of the bus, and I think the same dog from the beginning is with him but it could be a different dog. But he goes to text his ex that he loves her and wants to talk to her, and then Paper Boy interrupts and calls him and asks him to come meet him somewhere that he heard his song on the radio, and basically wants him to be his manager but he won't admit it. And so Earn goes to meet him in the car, and he's also called up the radio show guy to meet him there, and that's when that's when Paper Boy kind of catcalls this woman and then insults her. And then a few seconds later the the guy from the beginning that he killed kicks off his side mirror on his car, and so he gets out of the car, and at first Earn tells him, "You know, just forget about the money," like basically to try to stop the fight that he thinks is going to come, but Paper Boy gets out of the car, and yeah, that connects to the very first scene. So then it cuts to his ex's house, and Earn's mom is there taking care of their daughter, and she's coming back from her date, and the mom says something like they're out of wine, and the ex is putting their daughter to sleep when the news program on the TV says that Paper Boy and Earn were taken into custody because of the conflict that ensued over the broken car mirror and the woman, and she says something about Earn being an idiot. And yeah, I think that's everything.