So the first episode starts with a scene, and it starts off with a scene that it ends with, which is Ernie and I think his name is it's either Arthur or Alfred, I'm just gonna call him Alfred for now, while they're in the middle of a fight scene because someone just smashed Alfred's car mirror. So they're kind of sizing each other up, they're threatening each other, and then Alfred pulls out a gun and he points it at the other guy's face— at other guy's chest. And they— oh, and then the other guy's girlfriend says something about how Alfred's— if Alfred's so rich, why can't he just pay for the mirror himself? And that only provokes Alfred even more, and then he shoots. You hear a gun shot, and it's implied that Alfred shoots the guy, and this is all in the middle of a strip club, a strip mall, some. And then it cuts scenes to it cut scenes, and we have bird's eye view of all the different neighborhoods, and we have really nice ones with pools, big houses, suburbs, then we have other ones with destructed town down homes. There's one of people playing on a basketball court, and then we cut scenes and we see Ernie with his wife Van. And then Ernie and Van are in bed, Ernie's listening to music, and then Van plops over and plops her arm onto— rolls over and plops her arm onto Ernie's face. And then they have a— Ernie was telling Van about a dream that he had where there was a girl, he was dreaming that he was swimming in the ocean, and a girl told him, "Don't swim too close to the the seaweed or else they'll grab you and pull you down, they're kind of hands." And he was about to say that this was somewhat like society, and then Van interrupts him and she gets jealous and she says, "What girl?" And then Ernie tries to defend himself and he says, "Oh, it's nothing, the girl was really fat and annoying." And then Van says, "But you made out with her anyway afterwards." And Ernie said, "I didn't say that." But yes I did. Oh, and before that whole conversation happens— oh yeah, no no scratch— and then afterwards, and then Ernie starts kissing Van and they start making out. And then Van says, "I love you," but Ernie hesitates, and then Van gets upset and she says, "You never say you love me," or something along the lines of that. And then Ernie and then they get out of bed, Van is upset and she goes up and brushes her teeth in the bathroom. Ernie comes out afterwards and he goes to his daughter's room, his name is Lottie, and he holds her and cradles her and he— and then Van tells Earn that Van tells Earn that he needs— she needs him to take care of Lottie tonight because she'll be out and she won't tell him where she'll be out but she'll be out till eleven. And Ernie knows that she's going on a date with someone else. And then Van also tells Ernie that you can't just have Ernie's parents take care of Lottie, he has to actually take care of her himself. And then also Van tells him to pay the bills for the house, the rent. So then it cuts scene and Ernie's at work, he works as a salesman for a rewards card in an airport. Ernie's talking to his coworker and that's when you find out that he's really poor, he doesn't make a lot of money, he's broke. And they talk about it's so hard to sell because the person across from the room, everyone wants to buy it from her cause she's old and she looks really nice. And then then the old lady kind of the old saleswoman kind of gloats that and brags about it. So then while she's making a sale and the person who she's selling to is leaned over and signing the forms, she pretends to grind against him and she gloats that in Ernie and his coworker's face. And while they're there, Ernie's coworker looks shows Ernie this YouTube video of Paper Boy who is Alfred and how it's really good music. And then Ernie recognizes his cousin in one of in the music video. And then it cuts scenes and it goes to— I'm not sure, I'm not sure exactly where, I think it cuts scenes to Ernie's— Ernie's going into Ernie's parents' house and Ernie's at his parents' house and he's asking them if they know where Alfred is. And they have a really awkward conversation him and his dad, and Ernie's dad says that you only come here when you want money, we don't have any money to give you. And Ernie says that no, he just wants to look for Alfred. And then finally Ernie's dad tells him where Alfred is. And then it cuts scenes and Ernie's going to Alfred's house. And then we see we see Alfred and his partner Darren or Darrell, and Ernie— Alfred's playing video games on the couch, Darren is playing is baking cookies in an apron. And they hear the doorbell ring and they cautiously go up to the door and Alfred opens the door pointing a gun at Ernie and Ernie's like, "Hey, chill, it's just me." And then they let him in and as he turned as Ernie turns the corner, Darren's like standing behind with a knife. And then he offers him a cookie afterwards which Ernie takes. And Ernie proposes his plan to to Ernie proposes his plan to Alfred and he says, "Hey, let me be your manager, I'm really good at this kind of stuff, I still have connections." And Alfred's really locked in and he says he doesn't want to and he says something about comparing him to Martin Luther King and that he always dies, he dies and stuff. But then Ernie's like, "Malcolm X also died too." And then they keep discussing it and then it's four thirty and they go out to take a smoke and they're in the middle of a field, I don't know ratty couch, and they're talking about smoking. And Ernie says that he, "Let me be your manager, we can make a lotta money and our kids will have a solid future." And Alfred's still reluctant about it and he heads back inside. It's unclear whether he accepts it or not. Then he heads back inside and he says, "Look, the only other time the last time you visited me was when my mother died and now you're coming here asking to make money, like let's make money and that's not right." And then it cuts scene and Ernie's going walking across a parking lot coming from around a dumpster and he goes up to this man who's coming out of his car. And the man's like, "Hey, did you just come out of the dumpster?" And Ernie ignores the question and then they greet each other, they'd known each other for a little while. And the man says, "Hey, you should've been there too, DJ at the DJ at the party, they're like party DJ was really bad." And so then he tells him a story about how the other the DJ would play two Flo Rida songs in a row and it was so bad. So after that he went up to the DJ and he said, "Hey, insert N-word, like get out of here." And then Ernie's a little put off by how he used the N-word and he casually asked, "Did you actually say that?" And the guy says, "Yeah, kinda," proudly. And Ernie laughs it off cause what he really wants— so that guy works at a radio station and he says, "Can you give this CD?" Then he's like— and that conversation about the DJ, he says, "Oh, you should've played Paper Boy, that's real good." And then he says, "Hey, can you give this CD to your manager to play on the radio?" And then the guy says, "No, I can't do that, you have to have at least five hundred dollars to bribe him at the very least and then I can't do it, I can't help you, I can't go around helping any ordinary person on the road." And then Ernie says, "But I'm not any ordinary person." And the guy says, "Yes, you are." And he goes and walks inside the radio station building. And as he walks in he fist bumps and greets three other people and then walks inside. And then as he's walking inside a janitor comes outside, his name is Prince. And then Ernie asks the janitor, "Hey, you know that guy?" As he's pointing to the white guy that he was just talking to, his friend. And Prince says, "Yeah." And then Ernie says, "Did you ever hear him say the N-word?" And Prince says, "No, if I did I'd like punch him." And then Ernie also comments on how cool that his name Prince is. And then Ernie's friends are Ernie and Prince are getting along and Prince lets him into the building cause he has the keys. So Ernie goes inside the building and then he slides and passes by his friend, his white friend on the way there who is broadcasting on air so he can't say anything. And he slides his CD along with five hundred dollars which he gets from his shoebox which he hid in his shoebox and slides it under the manager's door. And then it cuts scene and we see Ernie— oh, it cuts scene and then we see Alfred going up to Ernie's parents' house and Darren's also there. And Darren says something about climbing his tree or something. Alfred asks Ernie's dad, "Hey, is Ernie a reliable person, should I trust him?" And then Ernie's dad tells him, "Yeah, when he wants something he'll get it done." And then Lottie's also at the parents' house by the way cause Ernie's mom is taking care of her. And then it cuts scene and Ernie's on the bus with Lottie and they're both listening to music. Lottie has her own little headphones, so does Ernie. And the guy across from the bus that they're sitting on goes up to him and he says that he should— he gives him some relationship, he gives Ernie some relationship advice about Van. And then Van and then while he's doing that he's making a Nutella sandwich and then he gets off the bus and we see him with this dog and he just goes into the woods and then he leaves his jar of Nutella behind him on the bus, leaves his jar of Nutella on the bus. And then Ernie sends a text to Van and he says, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And then right after that he gets a call from Alfred. And then it cuts scene and Ernie's at meeting up with Alfred at the strip strip mall, the club. And then he's not with Lottie, Lottie's gone. And then he goes inside and Alfred and Darren are really happy because their song Paper Boy is being played on the radio and they agree to work with Ernie. And then Alfred offers Ernie to smoke a joint and then Ernie takes it and he's smoking. And then a girl passes by their car and Alfred cat calls her and then the girl says, "Leave me alone." And Alfred calls her a shank. And then a few minutes later a guy smashes Alfred's car mirror and then we— that's the same as the first scene we just saw where they get into where Alfred goes out and Ernie tries to stop him but Alfred goes out and gets them to a conflict with the guy who smashes mirror and the girlfriend. And then Ernie comes out too but he brings a gun that he finds in Alfred's glove box just in case. And then while they're talking Alfred notices that dog that they saw with the man on the bus and he gets distracted. And then we hear the gunshot. And then it cuts scene and Van's coming home and Alfred's mother's also there and Alfred's mother hands Van Lottie and then leaves. And all the while the TV's still playing and he says Van wonders why Alfred's— I mean Ernie still isn't here. And then he goes on the— she goes watches the TV and he says that the a victim has been killed tonight, the suspects the suspect's gun belongs to Ernie Marks. And then we end scene.