So the episode begins with— the episode starts with what it ends with, I guess. We see Paper Boy, or better known as Alfred, I guess it's his real name, and Earn, or Earnest, in the car just listening to their song when someone just randomly knocks off the left rear view mirror, and it's this girl with another guy. I don't think we find out their names; they look like they're together. And then there's an altercation between them; they're arguing about why Paper Boy should be given the money for the guy who broke the car mirror. We don't find out until the end of the episode that it was cause Paper Boy had shouted at that girl some very demeaning words towards her, and she probably told the guy that she was with that he said that. And then so after that, we see that somehow they recognize that Paper Boy's— Paper Boy, so that Alfred is Paper Boy. And then there is a heated argument between the two; guns are pulled out. And at the beginning of the episode, the very, very beginning, we think that it's Paper Boy that shoots the gun at the guy, but Darius is also there— forgot to mention— so he's also just— he's very high. They were all smoking blunts, and Darius says he thinks he feels things are weird, while at the same time Earn is like, "Don't do it, don't do it, Al, don't shoot him." And we see the dog that comes later in the episode, so sort of foreshadowing, I guess, in a scene when Al— I mean not Al, when Earn is on a bus with his daughter and he meets this guy who walks off the bus with his dog after sort of threatening him to eat a sandwich, and if he doesn't— before he's cut off, it's a weird, it's a Nutella sandwich, very random. After they have this very brief deep conversation about why, why Earn is just losing in life in general. But back to after the first scene, I believe we cut forward to Earn making up a bed with— I think her name's Van. I can't really tell the complexity of the relationship, but they have a daughter together. She scolds him for waking up so earlier and then asking him why he never says that he loves her, but it doesn't seem that they're together even though she's living with him, cause after she goes to the bathroom and he goes to check on their daughter, she tells him that he needs to help pay if he's gonna stay in her house, so sort of rent, and that he needs to take care of their daughter for the day. So after that, we flash forward to the scene— I, I don't know where it looks almost like an airport somewhere very busy, but he's— I think he's a marketer, so he's a salesperson, so he's trying to sell these trips, whatever, to passerbys. And he's with some guy Swift who also works with him and was going on about how some how exciting this, this event or something the night before was. And they were complaining about how they can never sell anything cause the old lady across from them is old and she always manages to charm the buyers. And then after that, we see that we see Earn explaining how he needs money but he has to pay rent, but he also doesn't have money to pay the rent, and that Van is also— I forgot to mention that Van is seeing someone, so she had a date that night, and that's why he needed to watch— he being Earn needed to watch over their daughter for the day. So then after that, we— I think Swift is the one who mentions Paper Boy, so the mixtape about— so Paper Boy's mixtape, who we later find out is Earn's cousin Alfred. So I think Earn was like shocked when Swift showed him that information or the picture and the mixtape telling him it was blowing up. And then I think Earn went straight to his parents' home who wouldn't let him in because they're like, "You always want money, you never flush your shit down the toilet, you're not eating healthy, all you're putting in your body is unhealthy foods." And then Earn is like, "Do you know where Alfred is?" And then they tell him, and then they sort of go along their way. They— I think Earn also mentions that Van is also seeing other people, and his mom's like, "Good for her," just kind of condescending towards him, and his dad is like, "Love you, son," before he starts kicking him out. Then Earn goes straight to Alfred's apartment, or Paper Boy's apartment, at which Paper Boy kinda pulls a gun on him but then sees it's him, lets him in. And then that entire time— oh, and then Darius, who he meets— Earn meets at the door, gives him a cookie while he's holding a knife in his hand, kind of weird. And after that, they spend the entire time sort of discussing or— and discussing or Earn is pleading with Paper Boy to sort of let him be his manager, and Al is like, "I know you're"— or Paper Boy is here is like, "I know you're here for money, so just cut to the chase." But I think after that the scene shifts and they're on the grass somewhere just hanging out on a sofa, and Earn is still trying to convince him. Paper Boy's having none of it; he's just like, "You wouldn't even be a good manager." And I can't remember if this is the scene, but at some point Paper Boy's like, "You only ever come to me when you wanna make money," something about how Earn only last time he saw Earn was after his mom's funeral, so Earn's aunt or something, and even right after the funeral he was like, "Oh, we have to go get rich." And so after that, I think— oh, I think so Earn goes to this his white guy friend— apologies for the my lack of specificity, I can't remember his name— in front of a radio station or something, and I don't, I don't know what to call him, but the white guy tells him that— or I guess Earn is asking for a favor, and then the white guy tells him like, "You need to pay five hundred dollars to the boss if you want this," like if you want Paper Boy's mixtape to be played on the radio. So at first Earn is like, "Why would you need to do that? Why can't you just do a guy a favor and introduce me?" But then the white guy's like, "No," like I can't remember his name, he's like, "No, it's about who you know and stuff," and tells this really lame story about how this DJ that he was friends of a friend of a friend, something like that, and then called him the n-word when he kept playing Flo Rida back to back or whatever cause he was such a bad DJ, quote unquote. And after after Earn befriends the janitor or something who's like pushing the trash after the white guy goes back into the building, the janitor's name is Prince. So then Earn is like trying to, I guess, use him to get into the building cause I guess the janitorial staff has access. And then I don't— he finds five hundred dollars in a shoebox, I don't know where he got it from. And then he sort of slides the mixtape under KP's door with the five— yeah, the five hundred dollars and the mixtape in an envelope, sort of squareish. And he passes by the white guy from earlier and is like— and he's like super confused as to how he got into the building. So then after we see this— I think the scene shifts and what's his name, Paper Boy goes to Earn's parents' house and is like saying like, "I don't want him to be my manager." Darius asks Earn's dad if he can measure the tree cause he's super high, and Paper Boy's like, "Can I hold the daughter?" And then she's like— and then the mom's like, "No, you're this," she has enough contact of you from you being high from all the way over here cause he's still in the car, he just pulled up the driveway. But Earn's dad tries to convince Paper Boy that even though Earn is a mess of many things, he's like, "If he wants to get something done he will, so there is that." And then I think fast forward to the scene— I don't know, we're missing something, but we see Earn— oh yeah, so we see Earn getting on the bus with his daughter, the scene I mentioned earlier, and he's just like sulking listening to music, his daughter's sleeping, and he meets this weird bald guy that don't really get his name in a suit, like a beige suit or something. And this guy's like saying a bunch of weird deep things when he's like, "Talk to me, what's— I know you're troubled or something like that." And then Earn is like, "Yeah, I just feel like I'm losing all the time." And then all of a sudden it escalates as the guy makes a sandwich and threatens— just like threatens retaliation or something like he, he just tries to intimidate Earn by saying like, "You have to eat the sandwich," for whatever reason that is, and then gets off with this dog that we see later on. But then on the bus after that guy leaves, Earn gets a call from Paper Boy who was like, "They're playing my song on the radio," and is like, "We need to talk," so in a sort of foreshadowing a good thing. So they— I can't remember where they— oh, so that's when I guess we reload to the beginning of the episode where we— which is really the end of the episode, where Earn walks up to Paper Boy's car and is like— or Paper Boy's parked somewhere, and then he gets in the car with Paper Boy. And then actually the white guy from earlier from the radio station is like stops by the car, and this time when he tells the story, Earn is like, "Tell the story," and then this time the story doesn't include the n-word because I guess— I mean we have some cultural repercussions at that point, obviously very disrespectful. I think that's why we sort of loop back, and that's when he leaves the guy from the radio station leaves. And then then so we see Paper Boy catcalled the girl from earlier, and then that's when the guy she's with sort of slams the mirror down. And yeah, so then after that we just see sort of the scene I mentioned at the beginning, they're talking, and then we hear a gun shot go off. And then I think we go to— it's Van's house that we're in, and then the news is on, and the mom— so so Earn's mom is leaving telling her an update about her daughter, their daughter, and Van is all dressed up coming back from her date, and she sees in the news that it is actually Paper Boy who got shot, or I think it was Paper Boy who got shot, and they're still at large, so they're nowhere, nowhere to be found. And there's sort of a bird's eye view of the of the entire of where it happened, which we kind of see. Yeah, and I think, I think that's the end of the episode more or less. I, I don't know where Darius is in the scene, but he is not picture in the TV, that's for sure. But one thing I do remember was back to the scene where they were on the grass talking, and as part of the conversation to convince Paper Boy that he would be a good manager, and was like, "Who even is this guy at Darius or however or however we pronounce him," and that sort of ticks off Darius, and then that's when Darius and Paper Boy walk out. But yeah, I think that should be all; I can't seem to remember anything else.