So the episode started with a shot in front of a supermarket or a store at night, and then there is Earn and Paper Boy and Paper Boy's friend sitting at the back. And then they show—then a guy comes in, then something happens that causes Paper Boy to get mad, and he grabs the mirror from his car and gets into a fight with another African American. And then they both threaten each other with guns; Paper Boy has it pointed at the guy, but the guy has it in his waist. And then Earn is like, "This is super weird," and Paper Boy's friend is like, "I'm having deja vu. Where's the dog?" And he sees the dog next to the street. And then it kinda zooms out, and then you hear the gunshot, but you don't know who shot who. And then it cuts to a shot of Earn and his girlfriend—it's not really defined throughout the show—in bed. Earn is hearing music, and then his girlfriend hits him in the face. And then Earn is like, "I had a weird dream, something about jellyfishes and a fat lady," and how he was hooking up with a fat lady. And then his girlfriend stands up, and she's like, "You have to remember that you're taking our daughter tonight because I have parent-teacher conferences," and I think she also has a date after that. And then Earn is like—while holding his daughter—he's like, "This is a good parenting environment for you, isn't it?" And making fun, sarcastically. And then his girlfriend is like taking off her wrap from her head that she used while she was sleeping. And then from there it moves to Earn and his job. His girlfriend is a teacher as well because she works in the parent-teacher conference, I guess she might be going for her daughter, I'm not sure. But then Earn moves to a—moves to a shot of Earn working in an airport with a partner or a friend or whatever, and they have to sell, I think, a credit card. But there's this old lady who uses her charm as a grandma to get more people to sign, so they're getting annoyed at that. But then his partner talks about this guy called Paper Boy who apparently became very famous because of his song that he had called "Paper Boy," and he puts a video. And then Earn is all like, "That's my cousin in the video," and the guy's like the girl and the guy, and Earn is like, "No, the Paper Boy—Paper Boy's my cousin." Then he's like, "I'm gonna ask him for a job." So then Earn goes to his parents' house, and his dad doesn't let him walk in because he says that the only reason he comes to the house is to ask him for money, and he has no money to give. And then they make fun of a poop he left in the house. And then—oh—when his girlfriend told him that he could take that, he had to take the daughter, she said that, "Don't take her to your parents because she lives here, not at your parents'." And then Earn asks. So we go back to Earn at the house, and he tells his parents like, "Hey, can you watch my daughter tonight? I'm getting a job." And then his dad's like, "Oh, that's good." And then he asks like, "Hey, where is my cousin?" Like he asks where Paper Boy is right now. So then Earn goes to a street where he can hear Paper Boy playing in the background. And then he gets to Paper Boy's house where there's Paper Boy inside with his friend that was at the back of the car in the beginning of the show. His friend is like wearing an apron or something, doing cookies or baking cookies. Then he asks if the milk is good to drink, and Paper Boy's like, "No, it's not good." I think Paper Boy's playing a video game. And then when they hear the door ring, Paper Boy gets a gun and points it through the door, and his friend is at the back of the wall with a handkerchief around his mouth and a knife. And then Earn is like, "It's just me," so then they let him come in. And then Earn tells him the idea of being his manager, and Paper Boy's all like, "I don't want you to manage me. People just ask me for money. Like that's not okay." And then they found that it's four twenty-something, and they go smoke weed outside on a couch. And then Earn is like, "I don't do weed while I'm doing work." And then Paper Boy's like, "I don't want you to have the job. You're a mess. You're asking me for something now that I'm famous, not before." So then Earn—then he goes to a record producing company, and he meets up with his friend in a parking lot who tells him a story about Flo Rida, I think it's insulting or something. And then he asks this friend to put in the demo at the radio station, and his friend is all like, "You need to pay me five hundred," and Earn is all like, "I don't have the money," so the friend says no. So then it cuts to a scene of Paper Boy going to Earn's parents' house and asking if it's—like they think Earn is doing the job okay. His mom, Earn's mom, is taking care of the daughter, and Paper Boy's friend asks Earn's dad to measure the tree, like if he can measure the tree. And his dad's all like, "No," and the friend is all like, "No," the dad says, "Maybe later," and Earn is all like—And then Earn—Paper Boy's friend is all like, "Oh, then that basically means no." And then so the dad is all like, "Earn is really trying," and Paper Boy is all like, "Okay, I don't know." And then it cuts back to the scene of Earn talking to a janitor who's apparently gonna help him out to get into the record station. The janitor lets him in, Earn gives him some money. Earn got the money—apparently he went back home and I think he got the money from inside a shoe. Then he came and gave the money to the janitor, and then put the disk underneath the door of KP, I think KJ or something like that, of the record producer or record director, I don't know. And then it cuts to the scene of Earn in the bus with his daughter, and his daughter's wearing princess headphones and sharing music with Earn, I think. And then there's this weird guy in a suit who's eating, I think either peanut butter or Nutella on a bread, and he offers it to Earn. He's all like, "You have to eat it," but then Earn hears police sirens moving. And then the guy—the the bald guy who was eating peanut butter or Nutella—disappears from his side, and apparently he walked down out the bus, and he's with the dog who was also at the beginning of the show. And then Earn disconnects the headphones from his daughter cause he received a call. It was Paper Boy, apparently was listening to this song on the radio that Earn had managed to put. And then Paper Boy asks him to come and meet up with him. And then it cuts to a scene of Earn back at the supermarket—they never say where they leave the daughter—and then or the supermarket or wherever he met Paper Boy, which is in a street in a car in front of a store. And then Earn walks into the car, but then this time he is smoking weed, he's celebrating. And then Paper Boy says the fact that he hates the song, like his own song, or at least is getting tired of it, I don't remember which one was it. But then Paper Boy sees a girl in the street, and he's all like, "This is my song." And then the girl is like, "Fuck you." And then the Paper Boy insults her. And then they talk about something else between Earn and Paper Boy. And then I think the girl's boyfriend comes in and kicks off Paper Boy's mirror from his car. So Paper Boy gets out super mad, and he's all like, "You gotta fix this or you gotta pay for this." And then the guy fights for it, and Earn—when Paper Boy's getting out of the car—stopped him from getting out the gun from his front seat pocket. And then Earn get kinda late, so he runs towards them cause Paper Boy got a head start, I think. And then they're fighting, and then all of a sudden you hear the gunshot again, but you don't really know who got hurt. And then it cuts to a scene of Earn's mother walking out of Earn's and his girlfriend's house at the beginning of the show. Earn's girlfriend asks him to pay rent because he's living there most of the days, so he should contribute with the rent, and Earn doesn't really have money for rent, which is why he's trying to be his manager, I think. So then it cuts back to a scene of his mother walking out of the house because she was taking care of the daughter because Earn's girlfriend finally came back from her date. She's all dressed up in fancy clothes, and his mother is—Earn's mother's all like, "He was in a meeting." And then Earn's girlfriend like walks out of the scene, and the camera stays focused on the TV show. And wait—while they were in the car the second time in front of the store, the same friend that was in the parking lot of the record station pops up and tells the same story of Flo Rida, but I think he changes it this time so that it's not insulting, so it's kinda funny, I guess. And then okay, so the camera stays on the TV which is showing the news, which then shows the fact that there was a shooting and that the two guilty parties are in custody. One was Paper Boy, and then the other one was Earn, that they were shooting. And then Earn's girlfriend is all like, "Idiots." And what else? I think that's it.