So the last episode began with a confrontation outside of the nightclub between the main character and Paper Boy, the rapper who's his cousin, and they were confronting two men who had called out Paper Boy, or whom, excuse me, Paper Boy had called out, and the men sort of came and confronted Paper Boy after they had kicked off the light of his car. So the confrontation sort of ensued, the men started arguing, and all of a sudden we hear a gunshot. We're not really sure who shot who, and there's just a bunch of chaos. And at the same time, the screen keeps panning to a dog, and at this point in the episode, we're not really sure who the dog belongs to and what its significance is. But the episode in the first scene is panning back and forth between these four men arguing: the main character and his cousin, and then two other men who had gotten in the confrontation with them. And when the gunshot happens, the episode goes straight to the theme song, which pans over different parts of the city of Atlanta with hip hop music sort of playing in the background. As the theme song, as the credits, as the title credits roll, it says the name of the show Atlanta as it's going through the different neighborhoods. And then after that happens, the episode begins with the next scene, which begins with the main character—his name is escaping me right now, but I wanna say it was Irv, anyways, I don't remember—but the main character is in bed with his girlfriend, or his wife, or the mother of his baby. And the episode starts, and he's lying there with her, and he's awake listening to music. And his girlfriend looks over, surprised by the fact that he's awake. So Irv tells her that he had a nightmare and he was having trouble sleeping, so that's why he was listening to music. She asks him what the nightmare was about, and he proceeds to tell her some weird stuff about tentacles in the ocean or something like that. And then there's this fat lady, this fat unattractive lady, who sort of helped him out. And his girlfriend seems a bit jealous by this, to which Irv replies, "No, you know, she wasn't a threat." As his girlfriend begins to pressure him, he says, "Okay, fine, yeah, actually in the dream I kissed her." So then they sort of laugh it off and start making out. And after that, after a little while, they decide to get up and start their day. And as this happens, they've talked about their plans. The main character's girlfriend reveals that she'll be spending the day, she'll be going on a date that night, which confused me because I thought these two people were dating, but I guess the situation isn't as clear as that. So Irv will be stuck watching the daughter that they have, who is introduced as Irv goes to pick her up and hug her. So they have a daughter, and Irv is stuck watching her until eleven PM while the mother of the daughter is on a date. So the next scene shows Irv at work. He works in an airport, and he and his coworker are standing there as people come by trying to sell them these cards, these credit cards, that if they buy them it could win them a vacation to anywhere they want in the world. But they're having very little success selling these cards at the airport; people are rude, telling them to fuck off and stuff like that as they walk by. So Irv and his coworker are really not doing too well trying to sell these credit cards. But there's another lady sort of across on the other side of the terminal that was trying to sell the same credit cards and is having much more success. And she sort of flirts with and tries to pretend to perform these weird sexual acts on the customers, and she's having much more success, urging her customers and telling them to go to places like the Caribbean, and she's getting a lot of people to sign up for her card. But the main character and his coworker are not having much success. So they're so bored from their lack of people coming up and wanting their card that Irv's coworker shows him a video of an up-and-coming rapper who Irv identifies as his cousin Paper Boy, to which his coworker doesn't believe him. He thinks Irv is making this up, but Irv says, "No, you know, that's legit, my cousin." And then his coworker makes fun of him and says, "No, that girl is actually, but your maybe your cousin is a stripper girl in the video, but it's not Paper Boy." But Irv says, "Yes, it is Paper Boy." So then Irv leaves, apparently maybe he's been struck with an idea to, you know, once he realizes his cousin's a famous rapper, to go talk to him and maybe possibly manage him. So the next scene cuts to Irv, and he goes, he's going to his parents' house. And as he pulls up at his parents' house, he asks his parents, "Where's Paper Boy, his cousin, because he'd like to talk to him." His parents are skeptical of why Irv's there; they seem to think he's asking for money, and they say, "You know, every time he comes, he's looking for something." And Irv says, "What do you mean? I don't come that often." To which his parents reply, "Well, last time you were here, last time we know you were here, which was just yesterday, because you left a big shit in the toilet." So they sort of go back and forth, and their relationship seems a bit strained. Finally, though, Irv leaves, and he goes and finds his cousin Paper Boy in sort of a sketchy neighborhood in Atlanta, is what it seems like. As he approaches Paper Boy's house, he knocks on the door, to which Irv's friend Darius, I believe is his name—for some reason all these names are really escaping me right now—but Darius, Irv's friend, comes to the door with a gun, which sort of indicates, you know, they're in maybe a bad neighborhood in Atlanta. After he comes to the door with a gun, he escorts Irv inside. They sit on the couch. Paper Boy's there—excuse me, actually, Paper Boy's the one that came to the door with a gun; Darius had a knife, and Darius was hiding behind one of the corners. But after he realizes Irv is Paper Boy's relative and is to be trusted, he offers him a cookie. So after they sit down, they start talking about Paper Boy's rap career as Paper Boy's playing a video game, or about Irv's idea to manage him, to which Paper Boy and Darius are pretty skeptical. And as they're talking, they realize, "Oh my goodness, it's four thirty, four twenty's passed already." So they go outside onto a sofa in the park and begin to smoke marijuana and keep talking about, keep talking about Irv's prospects of managing them, to which they're not convinced. Irv, he still seems sort of desperate to become their manager. So after this, he goes to the radio station where it seems as if he used to work, and starts, and he, he seems a man who he somehow knows from his past, maybe from working at the radio station, a white guy. And he approaches the guy. The guy, sort of this guy seems like sort of a fast talker or kind of a schmuck type of character. He starts talking to Irv about how he was at a party last night and it was so crazy, and the DJ, but the DJ was not good, and he wishes Irv was DJing instead or something like that, because the DJ at the party played two Flo Rida songs back to back, to which the white man said to him, "Really, n-word." And Irv seems a little taken aback by this, that this man would just so casually use the n-word in front of him, and he sort of views it as offensive and a threat to sort of his character and his and his manhood, and he doesn't say anything to the white man. So then Irv asks the man, "You know, anyway, since you work for the radio station, can we get them to play Paper Boy?" And the man says, "You know, that costs five hundred dollars. I don't know if we can do that. Normally you need to give me five hundred under the table, and then we'll see." But then they go their separate ways, and Irv talks to the janitor first. He asks him if the man ever used the n-word around him. The janitor's also a black guy; the black, he says, "Hell no, I'd beat him up if he did." But then Irv gets the man to let him into the building where the radio station is. So after the janitor lets Irv into the building, Irv finally gives the five hundred dollars to the DJ, who promises, who then says he'll play Paper Boy on the radio. Meanwhile, at this time, I think it was actually the previous scene, but Darius and Paper Boy roll up to Irv's parents' house where Irv's baby is. They seem, Irv's parents seem a little disapproving of Paper Boy, like he's family, so they have to embrace him, but they don't necessarily like the way he is; they don't want him to get close to Irv's kid. Darius sorta has a funny exchange with Earn's parents, but after that they're on their way, and Irv is seen with his daughter, so he must have picked her up at this point. And the next scene is him riding a bus home with his daughter, and he is listening to headphones on the bus with his daughter on the headphones. He's listening to the radio station where Paper Boy promised to be played, sort of zoning out. And obviously, it's obvious that he sort of has something on his mind as he's zoning out, because a man, sort of a mysterious man who's sitting across from him on the bus, comes over to Irv and asks him what's troubling him. Irv seems like he doesn't really want anything to do with this man, this man, excuse me, and he asks him what he's doing and why, if he can help him, yadda yadda. And then the man tells him, "You know, what's on your mind? I can tell something's bothering you." And then he goes, he launches into sort of a philosophical spiel, and he's just staring, and as he's doing this, he's making a sandwich, and he offers the sandwich to Irv. Irv refuses, and the man just gets up and leaves the bus. So it's a very bizarre exchange, which I was confused about, but as you see the man leaving the bus, you see a dog by his side, and I believe it's the same dog that you see in the beginning in the opening scene where Irv, the opening scene that came out of order, in which there was a shootout in the parking lot and this dog was seen. And so that was interesting, something that I think will be resolved in the next few episodes, but it's not something I know much about at this point. Anyways, after that scene though, Irv goes back to listen to the radio and texting his girlfriend, or the mother of his baby, I forget exactly what he's asking her, but he's texting her. As he's texting her, he gets a call from Paper Boy, his cousin, who's very excited because finally on the radio, his song "Paper Boy" has been played. This is a big breakthrough; a lot of people in Atlanta will hear this song, it could be massive streaming numbers for them, and it could make their song a hit. So he's very excited about this. So Irv goes to meet up with Paper Boy to talk about the fact that their song was finally played on the radio. So they go to meet up with one another; they're chilling in the car, Irv, Paper Boy, and Darius, in the parking lot. I don't know where Irv's daughter has gone at this point, to be honest; he might have dropped her off at home, I'm not sure, that's something I can't, yeah, I can't remember, I'm not sure if that was covered. Anyways, they're chilling in the parking lot listening to Paper Boy's song; they're very excited. The white guy from the radio station comes over who played the song on the radio; he's happy, Irv's happy. He introduces the white guy, but he wants to sort of put the white guy in his place cause he thinks he was wrong using the n-word. So Irv sort of subtly asks the white guy, "He, you know, Paper Boy, Darius, you should know this guy. He's the, he's the guy that got our song played on the radio." And then he tells the white guy to tell his Flo Rida story again. And the white guy sort of dances around the story and seems like he's really uncomfortable and doesn't want to tell it, and he omits the part where he said the n-word to the DJ, and then he leaves. So everyone's kinda confused, and the white guy is obviously embarrassed and put in place a tiny bit by Irv. So after that, they're sitting in the car still listening to Paper Boy, sort of enjoying the fact that their song was played on the radio, when all of a sudden a lady walks by, and Paper Boy yells something at her, sort of catcalling her or something, sort of that could be taken as offensive. And then whoever the lady was with, maybe her boyfriend or something like that, or maybe her brother or cousin, I'm not sure. A few minutes later, as Irv and Paper Boy and Darius are still in the car having a good time, the lady comes over, or sorry, the brother or or boyfriend or someone related to the lady comes and kicks the mirror off Paper Boy's car. And Paper Boy is furious, and he and Irv get out of the car, and Paper Boy has a gun, so this looks like it could escalate. We're not really sure what happens, and all of a sudden we hear the bang, the gunshot again. And it's obvious at this point the scene that was shown in the beginning of the episode chronologically fits here. This is the scene where, yeah, this is the scene where Irv and Paper Boy, who we didn't know at the time, were confronting the two men with the gun. That's what happened. It, it seems as if Paper Boy or Irv, I'm not sure who pulled the trigger, but someone shot somebody else. And then the final scene of the episode, it cuts to, is Irv's, the mother of Irv's baby slash his girlfriend, is watching the news at home, sort of late at night, absent mindedly. They're talking about some, I don't know, some sort of unrelated news story, when all of a sudden they cut to a shooting that has happened, and they talk about the suspects being Irv and Paper Boy. And this, Irv's, Irv's girlfriend slash mother of his baby, she seems, she doesn't actually seem as surprised as I would think; she just sort of seems dismayed and resigned to the fact that her life is not going the way she wants. And to this, she responds, "Idiots," she mutters under her breath as she hears the news of what happened. And that's where the episode ends.