Okay, so the episode starts in kind of a parking lot, and the shot is of a rear-view mirror as it's kicked down. And the person in the driver's seat gets up. It's Alfred—he's Paper Boy, you learn that later. But he gets up and he starts screaming at the guy who kicked his rear-view mirror. Earnest, also known as Earn, he gets out. And Darius, who's in the backseat, he gets out. And they all—the three of them are fighting against this man and woman, not physically fighting but verbally. And they start arguing about the rear-view mirror. And then Darius is really high, which is a constant joke that he's really high and kind of stupid. And he looks at this dog. And weapons are pulled out, guns are pulled out. And eventually Alfred puts the gun up to the chest of the other man that they're fighting, and he also pulls out a gun. And then there's this aerial shot, and you hear this gunshot, but you don't know who was shot. And then it kind of starts the next—or the previous morning. And Earn wakes up, and he's in bed with not really his girlfriend, but I think her name is Van. And they're in bed, and he tells her about a dream he had. And she—and he makes—he tells her about the dream he had, and it seems like a really deep dream. And he's about to say how it's about society, but there's a woman in the dream. So his girlfriend slash not girlfriend is like, "Ooo, who's the girl?" So it's sort of just a funny joke. And then they start kissing, and she says, "Tell me you love me." And he laughs, so she doesn't want to continue. And they both get up and go look at their daughter Lottie. She's probably one, two years old, I'm not really good at estimating baby ages. But so he picks her up, and Van says how she has parent-teacher conferences tonight. He has to pick her up, he has to pick Lottie up later. And he says, "Oh, how later you gonna be?" And she says, "Eleven." And he says, "Why are you gonna be so late?" And she says, "Because I have a date." And then he talks to the baby, makes a joke about how the baby's gonna be with daddy tonight because mom has a date with a corny guy. Then so that happens, and then he goes to talk to his parents. Oh, and he goes to talk to his parents, and his parents won't let him in the door. It's kind of a tense conversation at first, you're not really sure why. But then they say that they're not letting him in because they don't want to—they don't want him to ask for money because they're not gonna give it to him. And he says—he asks them to pick up—"Can you pick up Lottie for me, the baby, because I'm going to go get a job and Van has a date?" And then he asks where his cousin Alfred is, who's Paper Boy, who we saw earlier but we don't know that yet. And then he—his parents tell him where Alfred is. So he goes to Alfred at the house, at Alfred's house, and Darius is also there. First we see Alfred on the couch, and Darius is in the kitchen. And he asks about this milk, if it's gone bad or not. Then he asks him if it's gone bad or not. Then when Earn or Earn—oh, I forgot something actually. Before Earn goes to his parents' house, he's working alongside someone named Stiff or something, or Swiff maybe. And they're working at what kind of seems like an airport. They are talking about how they— they're talking about how Earn doesn't have money right now and how he needs to get some. And they're trying to sell credit cards. They're trying to sell membership—not membership, but they're trying to get people to buy their credit cards. But they talk about how they can't because they're not the sweet elderly woman. And then it cuts to an elderly woman who looks really sweet. And how she's kind of playing that out to sell more, so she earns commission. And then his friend Stiff, or Swiff, or whatever it is, he shows him this video of Paper Boy. And Earn goes, "Oh, that's my cousin." And Stiff gives him the idea, "Oh, you should get on that, you—cause he's gonna make a lot of money before he gets—and you might wanna get some sort of cut in that," or whatever. Then he goes to his parents' house to find out where Alfred is. Then he goes to Alfred, and when he knocks on the door, Alfred opens the door slightly with a gun in his face. And then he lets him in, and he starts talking. And Earn starts talking to Alfred about how he wants to maybe represent him, maybe be his manager. And Alfred goes, "Oh, it's four thirty, we're late." And it immediately cuts to the three men on a couch in a giant field smoking a blunt. And then he starts—Earn starts pitching him about why he should be his manager. And he asks—Alfred asks what happened to him in prison, and he says he's not gonna tell him. And then the three of them disperse, but 'cause they're saying, "No, you're not gonna be our manager." But Earn goes and meets this guy Dave, who I think is the first white character in the episode. Goes to meet this character Dave in a parking lot at KP—I think that's what the radio station's called—that's where he works. And he—that's where he works, and then he asks him if he can put Paper Boy on the radio station. Dave tells him a story about how he was at an office party and the DJ was bad, and he played Flo Rida. And then he used a racial slur, he uses the n-word as sort of a—he's trying to tell a funny story. And Earn physically gets uncomfortable, and so do I. Aand then he says, "Oh, will you play Paper Boy?" And then he says, "No, you have to pay at least five hundred dollars for it." Or he says "half a stack." And then he uses the n-word again. And then he's like, "Sorry, I can't unless he has five hundred dollars for it," which he doesn't. Then Earn goes to sort of a garbage man who is also black. And he asks, "Does he ever—does that guy ever use the n-word in front of you?" And he says, "That guy? No, he would never because I would beat him up." And then Earn gets in the building, presumably using this man as his in—this garbage man as his in. And he walks inside, he motions to Dave that he's gonna slip the CD under the door, and he has five hundred dollars for it, so it's gonna be played. Then Alfred goes to—we cut to Alfred and Darius in the car, and they drive to Earn's parents' house. And they're playing with the baby, and the mom's playing with the baby outside. And I think his name is Randall, Earn's dad's named Randall, I think. Cause I think he calls him Uncle Randall, but he use it. They pull up, and they're like, "Oh, we want to say hi to Lottie." But the mom makes a joke about how she's getting a contact high, so she doesn't want to bring her any closer because they smoke a lot of marijuana. And then Alfred tells Randall about how Earn came to him and asked him to be a manager, and what happened in prison. And Randall says—he's like, "He doesn't talk about it." Then the song's played on the radio. Oh, and Earn gets on a bus with his daughter, and she's asleep, and they're both wearing headphones. He's wearing these big black headphones, and she—not earphones, but headphones—and she's wearing kind of a smaller pink or version of them, and they have a crown, it's cute. And she's asleep in his arms, and he is just on the bus thinking. And then this man across from him, who's dressed in a bowtie and a suit, starts talking to him in really philosophical terms about victory and how losers only exist—. And then Earn response about how losers might only exist so that winners can feel good about themselves. And as Earn is talking about this, the man comes and sits next to him, and he starts making a Nutella sandwich. He takes out a jar of Nutella, and out of nowhere he has two slices of white bread, and he makes a sandwich. And then he tells Earn to eat a piece of it, and Earn says no. And then Earn—and there are sirens, so Earn turns. And then all of a sudden the man is off the bus. And he sees him walk off the bus, and there's a dog with him, which is the dog that we saw in the first scene in the parking lot, and that's a weird connection. And then Earn looks down at his daughter, his sleeping daughter. And I mean, obviously it doesn't show it, but this is sort of an epiphany. So he texts Van, or he's about to text Van, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" Then as he's about to hit send, Alfred calls him and is like, "Do you hear the song that's playing on the radio right now?" as Paper Boy is playing. And he's like—Alfred's like—Earn is like, "Oh, does this mean that I get to be your manager?" And Alfred's like, "Don't get too excited, come meet us." So he goes to meet them in the parking lot, which we saw in the first opening scene. And he and Darius is sitting in the backseat, so he gets to sit shotgun. They're listening to the song, and they talk about, "This is gonna be great." And then Alfred says how he's actually really sick of this song. And then a woman walks by, the woman who we saw in the first scene who he argues with. The woman walks by, and he makes a lewd comment at her. So she tells him to shut up, so he yells back at her. And then the three of them are in the car, and they're hanging out listening to music, they're excited. And that's when the side-view mirror is kicked down, and we see that scene again, but not in full. We see the first few bits of it, so you know what's happening. And then the last—the final scene cuts to Van coming to pick up Lottie at Earn's parents' house, or not at Earn's parents' house, at Van's house actually. But and then his mother—Earn's mother—leaves. And she takes the baby, she puts her down—she doesn't put her down, the baby's not in the last scene. And she goes to see her, and then she hears the TV. And you hear the TV talk about how Earn and Alfred were in this shooting, and they're still at large. And no one knows where they are, and one of them is a wounded suspect. And she's like, "Oh, that idiot," or something like that. And then the screen goes black.