This episode of Atlanta begins in front of a liquor store, and there are three men. One of them, his name's Alfred, he goes by Paper Boy, he's an up-and-coming rapper. And then another man who's Alfred's friend, his name is Derek. And then Paper Boy's cousin, who his name is Earnest Marks. And apparently they got in an altercation with a couple guys, girl, apparently. And apparently the guy with the girl, he kicked the side window of—side mirror of his car, of Paper Boy's car. And then Paper Boy got really mad. And that the scene actually recurs later, but during this scene, I think Earnest, he, he thinks something's deja vu or something. And then he brings up some dog with Texas, the state of Texas, branded on him. And yeah, that's basically that scene.

And then the next scene goes to Earnest is at his ex-wife or ex-partner's house. And they wake up, and then they have a daughter, her name's Lottie. And then they start talking. Well, Earnest is listening to some sort of music, some sort of rap music. And then they start making out in bed. And then they get up, and then Earnest's ex is like, "You have to help pay rent or something." And that's when we see the daughter, Lottie. And apparently they're living together, but they're not together together, apparently, 'cause the ex, Earnest's ex, is going out on some sort of date with someone. And then they had to leave their daughter with Earnest's parents. And yeah, that's about that scene.

I think the next scene, it's, I think it's the the one at the airport. And so Earnest and some dude named Swift, they're trying to sell these, they're trying to get people to sign up for this travel credit card. And they're not getting, they're not having much luck because some lady across from them, super sweet and flirting with the customers, that she gets all the business. And that's when Swift brings up a video of Paper Boy, who's the rapper that we saw in the beginning. Oh, back in the beginning, Paper Boy was actually super angry, and he actually took out a gun, and he ended up shooting the dude who kicked down his window. And okay, back to the airport. So Swift shows Earnest a video of Paper Boy rapping, and he's like, "Oh, this dude, he's gonna be big, and he's gonna be signed," and something like that. And then Earnest is like, "That's my cousin." And so Earnest comes up with some idea that he wants to be a manager for his cousin.

And then the next scene, we go to Earnest's parents' house. So Earnest is trying to go into the house, but his dad's standing at the front of the door, blocking the door. Apparently, Earnest hasn't been too good about, how do you say, I don't know, doing, being good to his parents or something. And his parents don't let him in because he hasn't been paying rent, or he's basically broke and living on the streets or something. But Earnest is like, "Oh, I need you to help take care of Lottie," and because his ex is going on a date or something.

And yeah, the next scene, I believe we go to—so Earnest goes to Paper Boy's house. And when he opens, when the door opens, there's a gun pointing at him. But then Paper Boy, he's like, he's family, 'cause they're cousins, and he lets him in. And then in the house, we see, who is it, his name, you see Derek. He's holding a knife and a plate of cookies. And he offers Earnest a cookie. He takes the cookie. And then Earnest is like, "I totally love to manage you, dude." And they end up talking, and it's four thirty or something, so they have to go out. And then so they're sitting on the couch, and then Paper Boy and Derek are like smoking weed or something. And then who, Derek's obviously crazy high. And then Earnest just keeps pushing his case that he wants to be a manager for Paper Boy. And then he keeps getting put down. And at the very end of that scene, Paper Boy's like, "Well, my mom died, and you didn't even come say anything. And the first time I see you after her death, you're just coming here telling me you wanna make money and everything." And that's how that scene ended.

And the next scene, we see, I believe it's with Earnest is at some sort of parking lot. And there's this, this male, his name's David. And apparently he works at some sort of 106.5 radio station. And he just asks him if he'd heard of Paper Boy. And he brings up some sort of derogatory term after a party, regarding some playing Flo Rida songs or something. And then let's see what happens. So Earnest is like, "Hey, can you please play this Paper Boy's new song?" I think he's trying to get him to play him on the radio so Paper Boy will see and actually accept Earnest as his manager. And then Dave is like, "No, not happening unless you took throw it under the table and give the person some money." So then Earnest does exactly that. He takes money out of his shoebox or something. And then he has a CD, and he slips it under some dude's door. And sure enough, music is played, song is played on the radio.

I think there's one more scene from there towards the end. Let's see, thinking. After that scene, after that scene, we see Paper Boy and Derek. They went to visit Earnest's parents, and they see Lottie. And then they were talking to Paper Boy's, talking to Earnest's dad about the whole managing situation. And Paper Boy's like, "I don't think Earnest would be a good manager for me." And then he thinks it's not gonna work out. So then Earnest's dad is like, "Well, my son, he's exactly super irresponsible, but when he wants something, he gets it done." And that's basically how that scene ends. Oh yeah, during that scene, I think Paper Boy wanted to pick up Lottie, but the mom, the grandma, was like, "You smell super high, and you are not going to pick up this granddaughter of mine."

And let's see the next scene, what happens in the next scene. The next scene, oh, I think, I think this is when Earnest is on the bus. And his daughter is sleeping in his arms with some headphones on her head. And then across from him, there's this man who's dressed really nice in a suit. And he's talking to Earnest, but Earnest has his headphones on. And then all of the sudden, the man gets up and sits next to Earnest. And then he keeps talking. So Earnest takes off his headphones, and the man is talking about some really deep philosophical meaning of life talk. And then let's see. And then the man is like, while the man is talking to Earnest, he takes a bottle of Nutella out of his bag. And then he takes the knife, and then he has pieces of bread, and he's putting his, he's making a sandwich. And then he gives the sandwich to Earnest, and he's like, "Hey, take a bite out of this sandwich." And then Earnest is like, "No, thank you, man." And then the man's like, gets pretty infuriated, and he's like, "Take a bite out of this sandwich." And then all of the sudden, really loud, police cars, lights and sounds go off while they're on the bus. And then the door opens, and the man gets off the bus. Well, we don't see him get off the bus; we just see loud noises, and it pans over to Earnest, and pans next to him, and the man's gone. And then Earnest looks out the window, and he sees the man. He's walking into the woods. And, lo and behold, right next to him, there's the man, he's with the dog with the Texas branded on him, state of Texas. And yeah, that's such a weird, that's such a weird scene.

Yeah, and then after that, he, he's with his daughter, and he takes off her headphones. I don't know why. And then he looks at his phone, and then he's like texting, I think the ex-wife, I think her name's Van or something, probably short for something, I don't even remember that. But let's see. Yeah, he texts her like, "Hey, I love you," or something. And he's like, "Can we talk tonight?" And then all of the sudden, he gets a phone call from Alfred or Paper Boy. And then he's like, "Hey, listen to what's on the radio." And then it's the song, Paper Boy's song, Paper Boy. And then Earnest acts all surprised, and he's like, "What? What is that on the radio?" And then Paper Boy tells like Derek to turn up, turn it up. And then so he turns up the song, and he's like, "That's him on the radio." And then yeah. And then Paper Boy's like, "Hey, come over here to where we are," which is gonna end up being the liquor store or the area they were in front of or the beginning scene started. And then yeah, so he calls, and he's like, "Come, come over here." And then Earnest is like, "Am I gonna be your manager?" And then Paper Boy's like, "Just come over here." And he's like, "Don't be such a, be in such a rush to say something like that," or something. And then so he never sent that text that he was intending to send to his ex.

So yeah, and then the next scene is when we go back to the beginning where he's in the car. And then so he's standing outside of the car. And then let's see, Paper Boy offers him the blunt. And then he, Earnest, takes it this time, 'cause last time they were sitting on the couch, that that day, he was like, "I ain't smoking, I'm here to do business." But this time he takes it. Derek's in the back of the car, and he's like crazy, he's high or something. And then then Dave walks over. And then he's talking about how, why is this song on the radio? Like management is mad. And then Earnest is like, "Well, they can't be too mad, they're playing the song on the radio." And then let's see. So Earnest is like, "Hey, tell Paper Boy and Derek about the story about your party with Flo Rida and all." And then he's like, he's telling the story like, "Oh, I was at a party this weekend, and then the DJ was playing terrible music, and then he played Flo Rida back to back, and that was, I had to go up to the DJ and be like, hey." And then this time, he doesn't say that the derogatory n-word. And then Earnest is like, "Okay." And then Derek and Paper Boy are like, "Cool story, man, that really interesting." And then it's a very awkward moment where the story wasn't really cool and all. And Dave is like, "Yeah, okay, so nice seeing you guys." And then he leaves.

So then they're all in the car. So Earnest, Paper Boy, and Derek, they're in the car. And then they're talking, and they're listening to that song that's on the radio. And all of the sudden, some lady walks by. And Paper Boy goes out, and he, he sticks his head out the window, and he, I think he tells her to listen to the song or something. And then the girl's like, "No." And then she calls him some super bad names or something. And then Paper Boy responds equally with some, I don't know, derogatory terms, I don't know, some, I don't know, yeah. And then let's see. So everything after that happened, everything's fine for a while. And then all of the sudden, some person's foot kicks the side, the left car rear outside mirror, I don't know what that's called, but yeah. And then his car mirror breaks. And then he's, Paper Boy's obviously super mad, and he's about to grab his, grab something, I don't know what he was grabbing, maybe the gun. And then Earnest stops him, he's like, "No, don't do that." And then so Paper Boy's like, he just goes out, and he, he goes out, and he, what does he do? He picks up the broken mirror on the ground, and he chases after two people, the lady who was talking to him earlier, and then the man she's with. And then he's like, "Are you gonna pay for this? You broke my car and everything." And then and then Earnest opens up the glove box, and then he sees a handgun in there, and he takes the handgun. And then yeah. And then it brings it back to the beginning scene where they're arguing over who's his, who's gonna pay what. And then the the couple, the girl who's with the guy, the girl's like, "Hey, that's Paper Boy, you shouldn't mind paying for the car window." Well, this stuff happened in the beginning, but I'm just trying to recount it. But you have enough money to pay for this car window. And then the guy is like, "You're Paper Boy," and blah blah blah blah blah, you're not good anyway, you're no good.

And then let's see. So then Paper Boy, he takes out his gun first, and he points it at the the man who kicked down his mirror. And then Earnest is like, "Woah, woah, woah, don't do that," like takes the gun away from Paper Boy. And then the man who kicked down the window, he was like, "You wanna go?" And then he looks at the side of his shirt, and there's concealed weapon at his belt area. And then he's like, "I got a bunch of men lined up if you do anything to me." And then that's when Paper Boy picks up his gun again, and then he points it at the man. And then camera pans to the top, and we see a flash, and then boom. And I'm guessing that he killed, but I think he shot the man.

Well, there was something else that happened. So then the scene moves over to Van, I think the ex of Earnest. And then she just gets home. And then she passes by the mom of Earnest's mom. And then she's like, "Oh, Lottie's asleep, Lottie's in bed or something." And Earnest is out with his cousin, which they were at the liquor store, and the whole event just happened. And then so as Van is taking off her shoes, she hears the news. And then on the news, it's about a shooting that occurred. And then about how two suspects were caught, one of them being Paper Boy, and the other one being Earnest Marks. And then there was a subject suspect out large, which was Derek. And then he was injured apparently. And then let's see. Yeah, and then so she sees what's happening on the news, and she's like, "Oh my gosh, what did Earnest get himself into?" And then that is the end of that episode, I believe.