Okay, so last week I watched an episode of Atlanta, and there were, I guess, three main characters. I don't know if I remember any of their names. I think there might've been a Darius. There was Paper Boy—I don't remember Paper Boy's real name—and Earn. Okay, so Earn was sort of the main character. It starts with Paper Boy shooting someone, and because this guy walked by and knocked the side mirror off the car intentionally. And then it sort of flashes back to maybe twenty-four hours before, and Earn has woken up in his girlfriend's or some—the mother of his daughter, I don't think they're together—woken up in her bed. And he's just had a bad dream, and he starts telling her about this bad dream. And he was dreaming about some other woman, and that clearly upsets this girl. And so she sorta gets out of bed and tells him that he is—that she has a date that night. So it's sort of an ambiguous situation because they're sleeping together but not together, and they also have a child together. And Earn is sort of complaining about that to his—like mocking, complaining about that to his daughter who is two years old. Okay, so that's sort of set up as a weird situation. Oh, he also—she also mentions to him, which sorta gets the plot going, that that he—if he's going to be staying here a lot, he needs to help with rent. So he—that's clearly distressing to him. So he sorta starts thinking about how he's gonna make more money. He goes to his job. He's selling—trying to get people to sign up for credit cards or some sort of plan. And he's clearly not doing a very good job at it. The guy he's working with is like, "You should—" or he shows him a video of Paper Boy and says, "This guy is getting really popular." And Earn realizes that's his cousin, which is sort of strange that he doesn't really know what his cousin's up to and needs to hear about it from some friend. But anyway, you sort of think that Earn is not super connected to his family. Earn after that goes to his parents'. And his dad greets him at the door but doesn't let him in. He's nice to him but was basically implying that he only ever comes to them for money, so don't bother. And Earn is sort—he's really sort of insulted and—but he says that he's not there for money. He's there to find out where—oh, I think it's Alfred is Paper Boy's real name. "So why is—so where is he? Can I go find him?" I don't remember if they really tell him, but Earn eventually finds Paper Boy. And he comes to his house, is greeted by Paper Boy, who's engrossed in some video game. And he has some friend in an apron cooking, baking cookies or something. That's another sort of weird situation. And Earn asks—just says—so, he's greeted by a gun in his face when he opens the door. And Darius is holding a knife so, you know, a little violent. And Earn is trying to persuade Paper Boy to let him manage him. And Alfred is not having it and is pretty angry at Earn for sort of again turning his back on his family, I think. And so he—Alfred makes a point of saying he hasn't seen Earn since his mother's funeral anyway. So Earn goes about and tries to get Paper Boy on the radio, and talks to his sort of friend at a station party. Or not a station—he's a station manager or DJ or something at a station. Meets him in the parking lot and kinda intercepts him. And this guy is really a pain. He's sort of full of himself, seems very phony. And Earn is trying to get him to play that, but he basically—the guy play the song—but the guy basically implies, "You need to give me five hundred dollars, you need to think about doing that." And Earn is like, you know, "I don't have that kind of money," but, so sort of unfruitful. He goes to talk to some janitor who works there. And the janitor ends up letting him into the building to take—and lets Earn take that mixtape or whatever straight to that guy, the DJ's office. And so you kinda see that Earn is really resourceful and just, you know, just someone telling him no isn't going to stop him. Gets it played, and then so he's on the radio, gets Paper Boy on the radio. Paper Boy's obviously thrilled. Oh, and in the process of this he goes home, he has to pick up his daughter. He's supposed to have been watching his daughter. He has this weird encounter on the subway with this—I don't know, I don't know if he's real or not, he seemed an apparition. And he—let's see, yeah, this guy was saying some weird things to him on the subway. And then Paper Boy—he's about to contact his, I guess, ex-girlfriend, the mother, and say, "Can we talk?" And sorta seems like, you know, they're back in town, that relationship works. He was bothered that she was seeing other men. And but he's interrupted by Paper Boy calling him. And that's when he goes to meet Paper Boy. And they're hanging out in his car, they're smoking weed, which Earn said he wasn't gonna do before. And then Paper Boy yells out disrespectfully to some woman walking by. And then clearly the man that she was with comes by, and in retaliation knocks his mirror off. And Alfred's like, "You need to pay me back for that." And, you know, it escalates. And then Paper Boy ends up shooting this guy. And the last part of the episode is his girlfriend coming home to her daughter. And, you know, Earn wasn't watching the girl like he told her he would be. The mom—Earn's mom—was there. And she turns on the news, and Earn is one of two suspects in a murder, so it doesn't end well for Earn. I guess an important part of the murder is that it's sort of strange but it sort of ties into the weird vision that Earn had. Like he—there was a dog, and Darius was very high so he can't really be trusted but—or not necessarily a reliable character—but he sees. Right before Paper Boy shoots the guy, he sees this dog. And it was the same dog that that weird man on the subway walked off the subway with into the trees. So, I don't know, there's some eeriness to that. Yeah, it's too bad that Alfred ends up doing this. I obviously don't have any other context in this TV series but it just sort of seems, I don't know, it was definitely a disruption of expectations. It just seemed like things were gonna start going well for them and then, you know, he murders someone. And so that sort of puts into question Earn's future.