Alright, so these guys are in a parking lot. Three dudes in a car in a parking lot. They're outside a club. Suddenly this guy jumps up, uses his foot to bash in the side door on the car. And you know, the person in the driver's seat, he loses it, right? He jumps out of the car, goes after the guy who busted his mirror in. So you're wondering, "What the hell is going on?" And you know, the other two dudes in the car with the guy in the driver's seat jump out with him, and they go and they square up against this dude. So the guy who kicked in the mirror, there's him, there's also another girl with him, and then there's the squad of three who was in that car, sort of facing off in front of some club in some parking lot. The car is idling to the side, you know. And then they— and then they square off. And he's like, "You know, I'm gonna need money for my car mirror." And the guy says, "You know, no," basically. And they just sort of go back and forth like that. And then there's this really funny— there's the third guy in the car, the person who was sitting in the back seat. He's kind of a ditz. So you know, in the middle of the fight, the guy says, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm getting mad déjà vu right now. Where's the dog with the something? I heard Texas or something." So he looks over to the side, he finds the dog, and then he smiles. That dog is important later in the episode. So the guy who busted in the mirror, he looks at the dude in the driver's seat, and he's just like, "What's your dude on, man?" Anyways, they keep going at it, blah, blah, blah. Then the girl cuts in after a bit more fighting and is like, "Whatchu you need this money for? You're Paper Boy." And you know, the dude who kicked in the mirror, he's surprised, and he's like, "Oh damn, you're Paper Boy." It turns out Paper Boy's this local rapper. And you know, by this point, you know, he talks about it, and he's like, "Man, why we talking about this right now?" And he pulls out a gun, pulls out a revolver, and puts it in that guy's chest, the dude who kicked his mirror. And he's like, "Let's just settle this," or whatever, or something like that. Alright, then this other guy, the guy, he's fearless somehow. He doesn't back down. He's like, "Bro, I got my dudes on the other side." Anyways, don't mind my impression, but he's saying he's got a bunch of, you know, he got his guys around the corner over there. So he basically dared him to shoot, you know, pulls up his shirt, shows him that he has a gun tucked into his waistband as well. Doesn't move for it. The dude in the driver's seat, Paper Boy— so, so, so Childish Gambino is the guy sitting behind Paper Boy. So he's trying to hold him back. He's like, "Dude, put your gun away. Don't do this, man. Fuck." And you know, Paper Boy doesn't listen. So the camera pans out to the sky, sort of drone footage. And the last thing you see before everything fades to black, or the last thing you hear, is a gunshot. So presumably, you're left with the idea that Paper Boy shot the dude who kicked his, his car mirror in. So afterwards, there's this whole scene. It's probably the intro scene. It's a bunch of drone footage over Atlanta, and I really want to visit after watching that, cause I don't know, it's pretty interesting. Anyways, yeah, so there's music bumping with the opening scene. And you know, suddenly it cuts to this guy, Childish Gambino, in bed, right? Very tranquil, very jarring, sort of abrupt departure from the whole violence of the scene before. And he's bumping tunes. He's in bed. He's with— there with someone. You can see that he has headphones on. The person beside him pulls his headphones off, right? It's his, you know, it's the girl. So presumably she's his lady and or significant other. And she's like, "Why are you listening to music?" Anyways, there was a bunch of back-and-forth there. And then he— he— he— oh yeah, this part really resonated with me. So he talked about his dream where he was swimming through a swimming pool. There's this other girl with him, and there's tentacles or whatever at the bottom of the swimming pool. And he says like, "Alright, she told me if they grab onto you, they'll just pull you to the bottom, so you have to swim near the top." And the girl says, "That's deep." And he says, "Yeah, you know, I think it's a metaphor for life." And then she nods. And in this sort of non sequitur, she— she says like, "Who was the girl?" or something like that. And then he was like, "I don't know." And she was like— she was like, "What'd she look like?" And the— the guy, Childish Gambino, says, "Fat and ugly." And she sort of like, "Hmm," to herself. And he's like, "Why you jealous?" And she says, "No, it's just funny you say she's fat and ugly, and now you're telling me you made out with this bitch." And then Childish Gambino said, "You know, I didn't say I made out with her." And she was like, "But did you?" And he was like, "Yeah, I did." And then afterward, somehow he sort of rolls over. They start making out. And then— and then she drops the "tell me you love me" on him. And then he laughs, and he keeps going. But then she pushes him away, and she's like, "Why did you just laugh?" And he's like, "Because I always— because you always ask me that, and I say of course." And so she asked him, "Why didn't you just say it?" And he says, "I love you," finally. And he hits her with his pearly whites, which are really insane. Also very unrealistic, if you know, it's unrealistic. Anyways, she gets upset, goes to the bathroom. Childish Gambino hops out, goes to the hallway outside the bedroom. It's a very nice house, by the way. It's pretty sweet, although a bit crowded. So he sees his daughter in her crib. I'm not trying to talk weird here, she was actually in her crib. So he does baby talk to her and stuff, and whatever. Basically, his— this woman, the mother of his child, I'm guessing, is telling him, "You know, you gotta take care of her, make sure you drop her off at your parents' place and pick her up afterwards. It's your turn to look after her," basically, right? So obviously they're separated and or— well, I'm guessing they're separated. Anyways, so there's that. And he's like, "Alright, alright." And she's like, "Yeah, I'm going to be home late today." And he's like, "Why?" And she's like, "Well, I got a date." And he's like, "For sure." And so you know, later on, he says he's not happy about it. Anyways, so— and then— and then the baby, she walks off for whatever reason. And then the baby pulls up, and he mocks hearing something from the baby and is like, "What's that? No, this is a great environment for you to grow up in," you know. So yeah, I'm guessing they're separated, and she's starting to see other people, and he's not. And you know, just very complicated between these folks. Anyways, so this guy— so Childish Gambino heads off to work. He's at this place. I don't know if it's a mall or an airport or something. It might be an airport. Atlanta's airport is pretty big. And he's selling— he's doing this, I think he's advertising for a travel agency or something, buying tickets or something. I just remember also on the other hand seeing some credit card posters. Anyways, so there's him and this other guy. They're standing next to each other. And the scene opens with him saying, "Hey, would you like to—" and then the guy cut him off and says, "Fuck off." So he's just like, "Yeah, for sure," which really sums up where this guy's at in life. And you know, him and his buddy standing beside him doing sales, you know, they're very rumpled, ragged. Their ties are the wrong length. And you know, very deliberate choice of attire. They're wearing these, you know, not nice looking suits. And they're just, you know, not having a good time clearly. And they're complaining about not getting any luck, but they say that's cause you're not an old lady. Camera pans to another coworker of their's who's, you know, hustling a customer. And she's being all nice. She's being like, "I'll even give you an extra ticket as long as you keep flirting with me," you know. And then she laughs, right? So the dude, the customer, and tells her to look out to sign something, to fill out an application or something. And she just looks over to the two guys. She starts just mimicking grinding motions with the guy who's filling out the application, which was hilarious. Anyways, so you know, they're like, "Damn." Anyways, the other guy makes some comment about imagining it or something actually happening. Anyways, so aside from that, the other guy, not Childish Gambino coworker— his coworker brings up this guy Paper Boy. And at this point, you begin to realize that the first scene that you saw wasn't chronological. So Childish Gambino says he's been out of the scene, he doesn't really know who that is. Pulls— you know, the guy pulls out his cracked phone screen, very iPhone-like, iPhone four or something, and shows him the video. There's this typical, you know, sort of street hip-hop music video vibe. And you know, Childish Gambino's staring at it, and you know, really deep into it. And he's like, "Wow, I know that guy. That's my cousin." And you know, the other guy's like, "Alright, word." And yeah, the other guy's like, "Ayo, word." And he tells him, "You know, you should slide in." And he's like, "Yeah, for sure." So he goes and slides in. The other guy says like, "Yeah, no way. Paper Boy is your cousin." So it cuts to another scene. You know, Childish Gambino's in a tee shirt and shorts with a backpack, very casual, very young looking. And he rolls up to a house. You know, there's a guy at the door, and he's like, "Hey, what's up, Dad?" So it's his dad. And his dad is like, "Hey, what's up, son." And the dad is very visibly not inviting him in and blocking the way. Some very awkward interactions between this guy and his parents. You know, it's pretty much a comedic routine. I don't remember the exact specifics, but there's some stuff about him leaving his daughter there, looking after her. His dad says that, you know, Childish Gambino says like, "Aren't you gonna let me in?" And the dad says like, "No, I can't afford it." And you know, so basically implying that they think he's just there cause he wants money. And he says, "You know, why? Why're you looking after her?" And he says, "You know, Van," whom I'm assuming is his baby mama, "is on a date." And his mom says, "Good for her." So you can start to see his sort of dysfunctional family dynamic here. You know, not very supportive of one another. You know, maybe for good reason. And you know, something about dropping a turd in their— in his parents' house's toilet and you know, not flushing. Anyways, so he goes there to ask them for the location of this guy Albert, who is presumably Paper Boy. And so his dad tells him where he is. So he rolls up— I mean, he rolls on out of there. And he shows up at this new place. So cut to the scene where you know, on the street, there are these dudes just drinking out of a paper bag in the middle of the day on the street next to a car. So you're like, "Yeah, that's probably henny." And there's this scene inside with a couple of dudes. It's the guy from the opening scene. It's the two guys from the opening scene who were with Childish Gambino. And they're just chilling indoors. You know, so that's Paper Boy. Obviously, Childish Gambino rolls up, rings the doorbell. The guy goes to the door, right? Pulls open the door and sticks the gun in Childish Gambino's face. And Gambino makes some snarky comment about using the peep hole. Guy lets him in, right? And he walks in. The other guy, we'll call him Funny Guy. I don't remember his name. I think his name was Derek or Darren or something. Let's call him Darren. So Darren's waiting behind a wall, left hand holding a knife, right hand holding a plate of cookies. Right? Paper Boy rolls past him, and he's like, "Yo, it's my cousin," or whatever. And you know, Darren puts the knife down and shrugs and offers him a cookie from the plate of cookies. So you're like, "Yeah, this guy is definitely a sort of wacky funny guy." Anyways, so Alfred sits down. And he sort of cuts straight to the chase with Childish Gambino. He's like, "You're here for Paper Boy, right?" Basically accuses him of just wanting to ride his coattails. And Childish Gambino's like, "No, I wanna manage you." And there's this whole funny discussion about, "Do you know where 'manage' even comes from? Where the word 'manage' comes from?" And Childish Gambino gives an accurate answer, something about "manus," which is about which is "man" in Latin or whatever. And Paper Boy's like, "That sounds right, but I'm gonna say that's wrong for the purpose or my argument." Then he goes like, "Yeah, something about his vibe. Oh yeah, I need Malcolm right now, and you're more like Martin." And the funny guy, Darren, he goes like, "Yeah, and they killed Martin." And Childish Gambino's like, "Wait, didn't they kill them both?" Which is pretty funny. Anyways, and then Paper Boy goes like, "Oh shit, it's time." And you're wondering like, "Time for what?" These three guys are on a couch outdoors, and they're just smoking pot. You know, Paper Boy offers the blunt to what's his face, to Childish Gambino, and he declines. He's like, "You know, I'm working." And he's like, "What? You can't work when you're high." Anyways, so Childish Gambino's trying to sell him on this whole managing thing. And Paper Boy's like, "Nah, you know, the last time I saw you was at my mom's funeral, and I haven't seen you since." No, you're not— basically you're saying he doesn't really trust him cause he just came out of the blue, cause his first words out of his mouth were, "Let's get rich." And he's like, "Beat it," basically. So Childish Gambino, you know, seemingly hit a dead end up in this parking lot, right? And then he runs into this white guy. And I don't really know what's going on with this white guy, but this white guy says, "Hey, you know, what's up?" Whatever, catches up. He's telling him about this scene at the club where this guy's playing back-to-back Flo Rida. And then he's like telling this story, and he's like, "So I pulled this guy over and I said to him, 'Really?'" And then he drops the n-word. And then Childish Gambino just looks at him like, "You said that." And he was like, "Yeah, well, I had to." No shame about it whatsoever. So anyway, they're just talking about it. And then you know, the guy drops the n-word again. You know, Childish Gambino's bothered by it, not commenting on it. Anyways, he's talking to him about getting in touch with KP. So you figure this guy is some music executive or something, someone influential in music. So he's saying like, "Yeah, he needs five hundred dollars to put your song on," right? And then grease the wheels or whatever. You know, Childish Gambino's going like, "What the fuck." And oh shit, sorry, I shouldn't say that. So the guy walks in and you see him talk to, you know, these three other black guys. And he's very respectful. Like, "Hey, bro, what's up, man?" So very far cry from the way he was dropping the n-word around Childish Gambino. So Childish Gambino asked this garbage taker, this dude named Prince, very charm offensive with him, gets him to let him in after hours. And so you know, what's his face, Paper Boy, pulls up at Childish Gambino's parents' place. And he's like, "Ayo, your kid asked to be my manager, but I don't trust him." And his dad says, "I can't blame you." And Paper Boy says, "Yeah, that's what's fucked up." You know, and then he's making these overtures towards Childish Gambino's kid. But then Childish Gambino's mom is like, "Nah, I'm gonna get a contact high," because obviously you guys were just smoking pot, and she could smell it. Anyways, the dad says— and this scene was interspersed with Childish Gambino being in the studio, getting in the studio after hours thanks to the garbage guy. And you know, walking past the asshole who was dropping the n-word in the previous scene, just sliding the disc directly under KP's door, who is this guy named Kyle P, big shot at the radio station or whatever. So it turns out to be a radio station. Anyways, so Childish Gambino's dad says, "If he wants something done, he'll get something done." And you know, he'll get it done. You know, and so what's his face is like, Paper Boy's like, "Oh, word." And so the next scene, Childish Gambino's on the bus. He— his daughter's asleep, his lap. They're bumping tunes. And there's this very well-dressed man sitting across from him. He's just making some creepy comments. And suddenly he pulls out some Nutella, starts slathering Nutella on two loaves of bread. And he's like, "Sometimes I think," you know, makes some deep comment about life, makes some reference to drowning, and advising Childish Gambino to drown. And Childish Gambino's clearly weirded out and says like, "No, I'm good, dude." So the guy, you know, has that sandwich, and he's just like, "Take a bite of the sandwich." Out of the blue, Childish Gambino's clearly, you know, just bewildered it. And he's just like, "No, man, I'm good." And the guy starts to make a threat like, "If you don't eat this sandwich, you know, cop lights come out," you know, going across the bus that they're at. Childish Gambino's looking out the window. Bus stops. Looks back to the guy, and the guy's gone. You know, the guy disembarked. And he's walking with the same dog from the beginning of the scene where you know, the Darren got déjà vu. And he walked off into the undergrowth, into some trees or whatever. And that's wack. And then suddenly Childish Gambino gets a call. You know, who's calling? Oh yeah. And if we're supposed to update, there was something happening with the old guy earlier. You know, the old garbage taker. He asked him, "Does he ever drop the n-word around you?" And the guy's like, "No, I would beat my foot up, break my foot off in his ass," or something like that. So he's like, "Hmm." Anyways, he gets a phone call from Paper Boy. Paper Boy's bumping because they're playing his song on the radio. And he's like, "Yo, you know, come hit me up." I'm guessing Childish Gambino drops his daughter off. He text his lady, his baby mama, saying, "I love you. Can we talk tonight?" And then you know, he goes off and meet Paper Boy. And you know, it's that same scene. It's that same scene in front of the— in front of the club or whatever. They're in that car. And he's like, "Ah shit," or I was like, "Ah shit," cause you know what's coming. And you know, they're talking. Paper Boy offers him the blunt. You know, he smokes it. You know, they're all having a good time. There chilling. They're like, "Yeah, you know, whatever, whatever." Manager. Paper Boy says he hates this song that they're bumping. Maybe a funny comment or two from Darren here. Then you know, Paper Boy sticks his head out the window and hollers at a girl walking past. And she's like, "You know, go fuck yourself," basically. And what happens? I forgot. No, I didn't forget. And they're talking some more. And then suddenly you're back to the beginning of the episode. Dude breaks the mirror. They hop out. There's an altercation. And it cuts to black. Right? Next scene, you know, someone is opening the door. Childish Gambino's mom is leaving the house. His baby mama's coming back in. She's dressed up, clearly coming from a date. You know, the TV is playing, the news are playing. So she walks in, walks around, getting busy. Then you hear on the news, "Paper Boy and his manager, Childish Gambino, have just been involved in a shooting." You know, one other room did party was the scene or fled or whatever. I don't know. Anyways, there's a picture of Paper Boy and a picture of Childish Gambino from high school or something, looking very young and innocent. And you know, what's her face, his baby mama, goes, "You idiot." And then the episode ends.