Okay, so the show starts off with Paper Boy, formally known as Alfred, and Earnest and Darius and some random guy on the street with his girlfriend, and there's an altercation going on but you don't really know what's happening. And then someone gets shot but you don't know who gets shot. And then the scene moves on to Earnest with his baby mother—the mother of his child but not really his girlfriend. They're in bed, they're listening to music, he has his headphones on and everything, she's still sleeping. Then she wakes up and she looks over and realizes that he's awake, and she's wondering why he's awake. And he says that he had a dream and there was a woman in his—a girl in his dream—and he was in a pool but he thought it was the ocean, I think. And there was seaweed but the seaweed was—the seaweed was he said the seaweed was similar to a hand. And the girl told him that if the seaweed touches him it would drag him down. And then his—the mother of his child—didn't really care about the story; she was more worried about, "Who was this girl in your dream? What girl are you dreaming about?" And Earnest says the girl was—she was, "What did she look like?" And Earnest says the girl was fat or whatever. And then I guess that was just to make her feel better. Then they start making out and yeah, engaging in sexual activity. And she says, "Tell me you love me." And he laughs. She does not like his response. He says he only laughed because she always says that and he always tells her that of course he loves her, but that answer is not good enough for her. She gets up, she gets out of the bed and starts to remove the scarf off of her head. And then it's revealed that they have a baby together. I forget what the baby's name is, yeah, but the baby was awake. And his—the mother of his child—says that he has her tonight, so he has to take to care of the baby that night. And she's busy because he has work and she has a date. And he's not amused by the date that she has. And so she also says that he has to help out with the rent; he's gonna be staying here, which means that they do not live together, they're kind of just cohabiting because they have that child together. So that happens. And she also tells him that she doesn't want the child staying at his parents' house cause she does not live there; she lives in her own house. Next scene we move on to—let's see—he goes to his parents' house or no wait, okay, I think the scene goes on to work. He's at his job and I think he works at an airport or something, and he's trying to get people to sign up for this deal or something, I don't know. And he's with his friend, I think his name tag said Swiff or something. And Earnest is trying to get people to sign up for this thing and nobody wants to sign up. But then there's another worker in there who's getting people to sign up, and she's doing a really good job at getting people to take their deal or something. So while this is happening, Swiff is showing Earnest a video of Paper Boy, and Paper Boy meaning Alfred—the guy in the beginning of this story who was involved in the altercation—but I'm pretty sure that was they showed the end first and then now they're doing going from the beginning or whatever. Yeah, Alfred is they showed his music video "Paper Boy," and Earnest is surprised because that is his cousin. Yes, it's revealed that that is his cousin. Earnest says, "That's my cousin." Swiff doesn't really believe him but he does at the same time. So Earnest leaves, says he has to go, and Swiff says, "Say hi to Paper Boy for me." Next scene I think Earnest goes to his parents' house and his father opens the door. They will not let him in because it is too expensive for him to go to—to step inside the house cause he's always asking for money. And he's, "No, I don't want money this time." And they still refuse to let him. And he's, "I don't live there anymore." And his father's, "Yeah, we just saw a huge turd in the toilet. What do you mean you don't live here anymore? We just saw that yesterday." And he's, "How do you know that's mine?" And the mother claimed that she looked through it and saw a bunch of cookies and candies because he's still a child and he still acts like a child. And yeah, I guess that was a little discouraging for him cause his parents don't really think much of him as a human being, as someone who's productive in society, I'm not sure. Yeah, that happens. So he leaves. And oh yeah, he's there to find out where Alfred is; that's why he's there. He's there to find out where Alfred is. So the father tells him where to go. So Earnest heads over to Alfred's place and he drives up and he knocks on the door. And Alfred greets him with a Glock to his face, realizes that's his cousin, tells him to come on in. And have Darius waiting on the side with a huge knife and a plate of cookies in his hand. It kind of looks like a trap house type setting; it's not really a trap house though but they're—it's not cute and it's messy. You can tell they smoke a lot of weed in there, probably roll a lot of joints. And okay, so Earnest goes to Alfred's house to ask him about managing him as an artist. And Alfred's not feeling this; he's not feeling the idea of Earnest managing him, partly because he doesn't trust Earnest, which shows that Earnest has a rocky past in terms of being trusted, in terms of trust. Yeah, they head outside, they smoke some weed. Well, Darius and Alfred are smoking weed; they offer it to Earnest but he's, "Nah, I'm good. I'm trying to show you that I'm here for business and business only." And I guess Alfred's still not really buying it. Darius is there, I guess he's there for humor; he's just talking a bunch of nonsense, it's pretty funny. Yeah, and Darius is telling—I mean Darius Earnest is telling Alfred that he could really help him if he were his manager because Alfred as an artist is missing a lot of key things; he does not have sex appeal and he is not white. And Alfred continues to say that he does have sex appeal and you know he can do it by himself. But Alfred is pretty—Alfred Earnest is pretty persistent and he's, "Nah man, I gotta—I wanna be your manager." So I mean at this point Alfred's not having it. So Earnest leaves. But when Earnest wants something apparently he gets it. So Earnest stops by this studio place, I'm not really sure what it is, but he meets up with this guy who's white. And I think he's asking him to hook him up with something; I wasn't really sure what was going on there but I think he was trying to get him to play Paper Boy's new demo or whatever. And yeah, but this dude thinks he's really down or whatever but he says—he says certain things that around Earnest but apparently he does not say those things around anyone else. Alright, so what does he say? So he tells artist this story about how he was in a club and there was this guy playing—I mean singing—I mean there was this guy playing Flo Rida over and over again. And he pulls him aside and he tells him basically to cut it, basically to stop playing it, but he uses the n-word and he uses the full n-word in front of Earnest. And Earnest is, "Wow, can't believe he did that." And obviously it was wrong of him to say because he is a white person, it should not be coming out of his mouth. So I mean Earnest doesn't really do anything about it; he's just, "Whatever." And the guy walks away without helping Earnest get what he wants. So then Earnest sees a janitor coming out of the studio or the building or whatever, and he has a bin with a bunch of trash in it. This guy's name is Prince. Earnest introduces himself to him. He asks him as—as the white guy walks away, I think his name is Dave, I'm not really sure—as this dude is walking away he says, "Has that dude ever use the n-word in front of you?" And he's, "No, I break my foot in his ass." And I guess that was very surprising to Earnest. So he—I'm guessing he's asking the janitor to help him get into this building so he can get Paper Boy's—Alfred's demo or his new song out there on the radio. Meanwhile what's his name, Alfred is with Darius; they're driving in the car or whatever. And they go to Alfred and Darius go to Uncle Riley's house, which is Earnest's father and mother's place. And Alfred knocks on the door, Uncle Riley comes out and you know they're happy to see one another, they embrace. And Alfred lets him know that Earnest wants to—Earnest wants to manage him. And I guess Earnest's father is a little surprised by that. Alfred lets the father know that, "I don't trust him managing me." And Alfred's—I mean Earnest's father says, "You basically have every right not to trust him," which shows that even his father agrees with that. But his father does say that even though he's not all that trustworthy, when Earnest wants something he goes for it and he makes sure he gets it when he really wants it. And yeah, so I guess that was the key part of that scene cause that's when the tables kinda turn. The mother—Alfred's been Earnest's mother—was there often tries to say hi to Earnest's child but the mom is, "No, I don't want you to get—I don't want her to get contact high." And I guess it smelled like a lot of weed but yeah, that was pretty funny. Alright then we go back to Earnest who is—he gets money out of his shoe. That scene I was pretty confused about; I mean there was money in his shoe, that's not confusing, I just don't remember where the shoe came from. But he takes a CD which I believe to be Paper Boy's demo and he puts it under the door of this guy named Kyle and he heads on out. And he's sitting and then it cuts to him sitting on a bus with his daughter. His daughter is sleeping, she has these little cute princess headphones on and she looks so peaceful. Then there's all of a sudden there's this dude, a black guy in a brown suit with Nutella in his hand. He looks kinda sus—sus meaning suspicious. He's probably just a figment of Earnest's imagination, maybe a conscience or something. So he has Nutella and he's putting Nutella spread on his bread, on white bread. And randomly he sits next to Earnest and Earnest says something like—what does he say? Sometimes I feel like—he's always losing and that the universe needs to have people lose so that there can be a balance so that it can be easier for the winners. That makes a lot of sense, I can relate. Yeah, and he offers him some advice that Earnest does not take cause he's, "I'm good, I'm not gonna go out like that," which means we're not doing that, that does not sound like it'd be a good idea. Then he has the sandwich and he's telling Earnest to eat the sandwich; he's, "Here, eat it, eat the sandwich." And Earnest refuses; he says, "I'm good man, I don't want that." And then he hops off the bus and there's a dog. And okay, he hops off the bus with a dog but I forget to mention that in the beginning of the show like during the altercation scene there was a dog. So I mean maybe it's the same dog; he—there's symbolism in that but yeah, that is a key component. So okay then he removes his—he removes the headphones from the iPod which his daughter has on her ears or whatever, so she's listening to music but she's sleeping so it doesn't really make a difference. And looks at the iPod, I'm not sure if it's a phone or iPod. And Alfred is calling and Alfred's, "Listen bro." And then he's, "I don't know what you're talking about, I can't hear." And then Paper Boy's blasting on the radio and he's, "Dude, that happened so fast." Earnest says, "Dude, that happened so fast." And Alfred's, "Yeah bro, this is crazy, come meet me and so and so and so." And this is where we cut to where the beginning of the show happened and we're getting some context as to what was going on. So you have Darius—so I'm pretty sure he drops his child off at home, he has to—he drops his child off at home, I'm pretty sure his mom is babysitting the child. And he heads on over to see Darius and Alfred—well he heads on over to see Alfred. Darius is just there and they're in the car, they're jamming to Paper Boy I think on the radio. Earnest walks into the steps into the car and they're talking about it. Alfred goes, "I hate this song" or whatever, turns the song off. The white guy that works in the studio that uses the n-word comes around and he asks what's his name, Earnest, how he was able to get that CD, how he even got into the studio. Earnest tells him, "I know people, that's how it goes." So Earnest tells him to tell the story about the Flo Rida event, really wanting him to say the n-word, really wanting the white guy to say the n-word but he ends up not saying it. So it just became a very stupid story to tell. So everyone's, "Alright dude, bye." And I guess Earnest finds it a little weird that he's the only one that he uses the n-word towards, so that was pretty interesting. And then a girl was walking by, the girl in the beginning of the show; she has a gold chain on, brown little skirt, a top, hair curly, a black girl. And he says, "Hey mama" or whatever, "My song is playing on the radio." And she was—she said something like, "I don't really give a crap" or anything. And she was, "All right stank blah blah blah," like he insulted her. Lo and behold her boyfriend or whatever that was was behind her, I guess. So when they're leaving the store or I guess maybe he wasn't behind her but he finds out what happens two seconds later. So they're still talking or whatever and this dude, he comes towards the car and knocks off their side mirror because he's so angry about what he said to his girlfriend. Stupidity. Yeah, what else happened? And that's where the altercation begins. Alfred gets out of the car to grab his gun; he—he tries to grab his gun. Earnest tells him, "Don't mess with the money." So then he doesn't get the gun or he doesn't have his gun cause he walks out of the car without his gun. And he has—he picks up his side mirror and Earnest and what's his name, Darius, are behind him. And Alfred is yelling, "You are gonna pay for this side mirror, give me the money for it." And what happened? The dude keeps walking and he pulls out a gun. Well he doesn't pull out a gun, the guy is holding a gun but someone gets shot. And I'm not really sure if Alfred had a gun or not, that's what I'm thinking cause in the beginning it seemed like he had a gun. Well moral of that scene is we do not know who got shot. Because then Earnest's baby mama walks into the apartment when she's finished for her date. She's looking really cute, she's wearing a red dress, her make up is all done. I think she comes in and Earnest's mother leaves; she's, "You need to replace your wine" cause I'm pretty sure she drank it all. And that her daughter is in the crib, she says, "Thank you." And she's putting her stuff away. And on the news you see Earnest and Alfred; there's a school picture of Earnest on the news and Alfred there. And they say that someone was shot in so and so place, I forgot what place this was. And they say that they do not know but someone has been hurt or whatever. And it's only a picture of Earnest and Alfred, the two people at the scene I guess. And the girlfriend is watching. And yeah, that's pretty much it I think, yeah.