Okay, so the episode that I watched last week started off with a scene in which three men were in a car. They're listening to some music, and someone from the outside of the car was walking up to the parked car they're in. They're in a parked car in a lot in front of a some building, and some person came up to the car and smashes the side mirror of the car, breaks it off, basically. And he keeps walking, and the guy in the driver's seat is like, "What the heck?" and freaking out. And then tries to get out of the car, actually tries to grab his gun from the from the glove compartment. But the friend who's in the passenger seat stops him. So the guy in the driver's seat gets out anyways, and starts going up to them. And all the guys in the car get out and follow him, and they confront the guy who broke their car window. There is a guy and a girl, and start asking why they do that. And then, basically, the guy in the driver's seat pulls out a gun. And before that happens, one of the guys—one of the driver's friends—says, "Wait, wait, wait, what's that?" Or he's like, "I'm having major deja vu right here." And he looks to the side and he sees a dog standing on the sidewalk. And he's like, "Doesn't that dog look familiar to you?" or something. And then it skips to an aerial shot of the three guys who were in the car, and the guy and the girl—the guy being the guy who smashed the window. And then a shot goes off, and it was the guy who had—the guy—the driver's seat guy had shot the guy who smashed his window. And then it cuts to the scene of the guy in the passenger seat, who was Childish Gambino, whose name we find out is Earn. It cuts to a scene of him in bed, wearing headphones, listening to a song. And his girlfriend, or wife, or fiancé, or whomever is laying in bed next to him wakes up, and is like, "Why are you up so early?" And he's like, "I had a dream." And so he starts telling her about the dream. He says, "I was dreaming that I was in the ocean, but I was actually in the swimming pool. And there was a ton of seaweed, but it wasn't seaweed, it was hands, like arms." And someone, one other one—other girl who was swimming in the swimming pool with me, said not to get too close to the hands or they'll pull you down. And he starts talking about how that represents society trying to hold you back. And his girlfriend—before he can get too much into the explaining what he was talking about society, his girlfriend was like, "Wait, who's the girl?" He's like, "Oh my gosh," and then they start making out. And then she asked him to—she said, "Say you love me." And then he just started chuckling. And then she got really upset by that. She was like, "Wait, why are you laughing?" He's like, "Because you say—you ask me to say that every time, and I always say 'Of course.'" And then he's like, "I love you," and then did a cheesy smile. And she got really upset and left to go get ready. And then Earn slash Childish Gambino walked down the hallway to their baby's room and was playing with the baby. And then the wife says something about she has a date later today, or something like that, I don't know, it was a little bit confusing. But then it cuts to a scene of Earn at his job, which is at an airport, I think. He's some sort of—he sells—I think he promotes the credit card, one of those credit cards that's associated with a airplane company, they're trying to get miles or points or something. And so he's standing with his friend, who has a name tag on that says Swift, I think, and they're talking. And at first they're talking about how the their competitor company, I think, who's standing in front of them on the other side of gate, is getting—she's an old lady, and how she gets so many more customers 'cause of her demeanor and how she acts, and stuff like that. She's just being really funny. And then Swift turns to Earn and is like, "Yo, have you heard this song Paper Boy?" And he's like, "No, I haven't." So he pulls up a video, I think it's a video of this rap song, this new rap song called Paper Boy, apparently, that's blowing up. And Earn was like, "That's my cousin." And at one point it's—in the rap video, it's a video of—there's a shot of a girl twerking. And Swift is like, "Oh bro, your cousin is thick. Sorry, that's kinda awkward." And Earn's like, "No, no, no, not her, no, Paper Boy, the guy who sings it is—or raps it is my cousin." And so then Earn goes to his parents' house to try and find out where Paper Boy slash—I think his name is Arthur—where he is. And so he walks up, and they're sitting on the porch, a closed off porch. And his mom is doing laundry, I think. And his dad opens the door and is like, "Hi, how are you, son?" And they're like, "Good, how are you?" And then Earn is like, "Are you gonna invite me in?" And his dad's like, "Nope, you're just here for money," or something like that. And so it hits that there's some sort of back story, he's always there for that. Then he asks where his cousin Andrew is, and—oh, actually I think his name is Andrew, I think it's Andrew. He asked where Andrew is, and his dad tells him. And then, so he goes to meet up with Andrew, and it's the conversation. It cuts to a scene of Andrew and his friend—his housemate, or whatever—in their house. And his friend's name is it starts with a D—Darius. So his friend named Darius is making something in the kitchen, and it's funny. He pulls out a carton of milk and smells it, and is like, "Hey Andrew, is this good to drink?" or "Is this milk good to use?" And then Andrew's like, "Depends, good for what?" And he's like, "Making food." And he's like, "Nah, it's not good for that." And the doorbell rings, and it's Earn, of course. And so Andrew goes to the door, opens it a tiny bit, and is pulling a gun outside. And Earn's like, "Wow, that's pretty intense." And so Andrew recognizes him, and then he lets him in. They're walking, and it's funny because Darius has put on this—not handkerchief, but bandana around his nose and mouth, like you'd imagine ninjas do, or like a bike-rider, I guess. I don't know, but I think he's holding a knife and a plate of cookies, and standing around the corner waiting for someone to walk by. And Andrew comes up and is like, "Yo, it's just my cousin, don't worry." And so he takes off his bandana thing around his mouth and is like, "Okay, do you want a cookie?" And so Earn takes the cookie, and he sits on the couch. And basically Earn wanted to—Andrew's like, "I know why you're here. You're—you haven't talked to me in years, you're just here 'cause of Paper Boy, and you want a handout," or something like that. And Earn's like, "No, no, I don't want that, I want to manage you," or something like that. And it's very clear that Andrew doesn't want any part of it. They go outside and sit on some random couch and start talking. But Andrew's just totally against the idea, and Earn's trying to convince him the whole time. But it's funny, at one point they talk about having a rat phone, or having a burner phone, I guess. And Darius is sitting, and they're all smoking except for Earn. He's like, "I'm not gonna smoke 'cause I want the job," or like, "I'm doing business." And so Darius is like, "Wait, think about it, if everyone had a rat phone." And he starts talking about literally rats as phones, like, "That'd be so convenient 'cause there's five rats for every one person in New York City, and it's so easy to use, it's very cheap and affordable," and stuff like that. And then it cuts to a scene of Earn going to meet up with some people at—not a record label, but a radio station, whom he had previously worked at, or knows someone who works there right now. And so he goes up to—he's in the parking lot of the radio station. And this guy gets out of the car and recognizes each other, and they're like, "Yo, what's up?" The guy's carrying some coffees. And he's like—he starts telling this story about how he was at a club the other day, and the guy played two Avicii songs in a row. And he had to pull him aside and was like, "What are you doing?" And then he said the n-word. And the camera turned to look at Earn, and Earn was just very confused, and it was a little visible that he was a bit annoyed, at least annoyed by the fact that this white guy was saying the n-word. And he kept saying it, I'm pretty sure, or at least when they were talking. Earn was basically trying to get in on the radio station, and the guy was like, "No, my boss is—" or the guy who runs it was super strict with the stuff. You had to pay to get your stuff played, or stuff like that. And then he was talking about how it's just not gonna happen, basically. And then, when he was leaving, he said the n-word again too to address Earn. And then this guy, this—what's it called—I guess he was a black janitor, was going by with some garbage. And Earn was like, "Hey yo, does that guy—do you see that guy over there? Does he ever say the n-word to you?" And the janitor was like, "No, if he did, I'd break my foot off in his ass," or something like that. And then so it's pretty obvious that the guy was just using it either to intimidate Earn, or to try and assert some sort of dominance, I don't know. It was just a bit strange, and very clear that there was that distinction. And so I think at that point, Earn goes back to his apartment to get some money out of a shoebox, out of a shoe. And then takes the CD of Paper Boy, asks the janitor that he was talking to before to let him into the building, and so gets in at eight PM at night. And goes to the the director's door, passes his friend who had been saying the n-word, knocks on his glass. And so the guy knows that he was there, and then slips the CD with the money under the exec's board—or under the exec's door. And then later that night, he's on the—some subway listening to his baby, 'cause he had to pick up the baby later that day. And this guy wearing a suit, across from him—this African American wearing a suit across from him was like, "You're in some trouble," or something like that, like "You're in distress." And then comes and sits next to him and is like—so he's basically preaching. He's like, "Resistance is the parasite of society," or something like that. And talks about how he needs to let go and like, "Let the path take you like a broken branch in a river, or in a current," or something like that. And then, this whole time, he starts making a Nutella sandwich, just Nutella on bread. He pulls out a big jar of Nutella, and then he offers it to the guy—to Earn. And Earn's like, "What? I'm not gonna take that. What the heck? I'm not gonna just eat some random sandwich." And then I think a police car goes by, and Earn turns to look at it. And when he turns back, the guy's disappeared. The jar of Nutella's still there. And then he looks out the door, and the guy is leaving the bus, already on the sidewalk with the same dog that was on the sidewalk at the beginning of the episode. And so—and then Earn is like, "Okay, that was weird." So then he starts typing a text to his girlfriend, saying, "Hey, I love you, let's talk tonight." And right as he's about to send it, his brother Andrew—not his brother, his cousin Andrew—calls him on the phone, and is like, "Yo, do you hear this right now?" And Earn is like, "No, I don't hear it." And then Andrew just turns up—he's in a car, and then he's tells his friend Darius like, "Yo, turn it up." And basically Paper Boy's playing over the radio. And Andrew's like, "Yo, you want to hang out right now?" And Earn's like, "Yeah, sure, I'll hang out." So then it cuts to a scene of Earn without the baby—so I'm pretty sure he must've dropped off the baby before—but Earn walking up to the parking lot that was in the same place as in the beginning of the episode. Walks up, gets in the car, and then he starts smoking, which is important because he wasn't smoking at the beginning when he was offered to smoke earlier in the episode. Starts off smoking, and so it's his cousin Arthur in the driver's seat, him in the passenger seat, and then Darius in the back. And basically—or, at one point they see the white guy. The white guy comes up and is like, "Hey Earn, you were in the—how'd you get into the studio today?" And Earn's like, "Well, I know people." And basically, Earn is like, "Yo, tell that story about the party, the Avicii party," or whatever. And so the white guy starts telling the story. And as he finishes, he finishes it by saying, "I pulled him over and said 'what's going on?'" And then leaves out the part, leaves out the n-word. When he was telling the story to Earn, he said the n-word at the end, but he leaves it out, and that—was it was very obvious. And basically, they—no one reacted to the story. And even Darius, in the back, was like, "I don't know, I kinda like Avicii, so that's okay that they played him twice." And the white guy's like, "Yeah, I don't know why you made me tell that story, Earn." And Earn was like, "Yeah, I don't know," so that was it was pretty funny. But then this girl walks by. And Arthur or Andrew—the window's open, he gets out of the car—not gets out of the car, but reaches his head out of the car, and is like, "Yo, listen to this song. This is me playing on the radio. What's going on?" And she just—she says, "Fuck off," or something. And so he's like, "What the heck? Stupid person, stupid ass hoe," or something like that, is visibly angry, I don't know about what he said, but he's angry. And then he says something about how he hates the song Paper Boy, which is relatable because he's probably listened to it so many times by perfecting, and then also just listening to it by himself in the production process. And he—and then he turns off the radio. And then, basically, the girl—the guy comes up and smashes the window again, and it's the girl who he had tried to catcall before. And so I think they were—the boy and the girl were together, and so the guy smashes the car window because—not their window, the side rear view mirror—because he had tried to catcall his girlfriend, or something, so that was the reason. And then it just goes back to the same scene as in the beginning of the episode, basically. And so it goes into—and then, but this time it cuts to a scene of Van, I think it is—Veer, whoever—Earn's wife, or girlfriend, or whoever. She comes back from her business thing, or her date, or whatever. And then that TV's on, and the news is on. She goes in and and the news says how there's been a shooting outside of a—some sort of store. And there are two suspects, and it was Paper Boy and Earn, which is strange 'cause Darius was there with them, but Darius wasn't implicated, it was just those two. And then it's—and then Earn's girlfriend is like, "Idiot." And that's how the TV show ends, or the episode ends.