So the episode starts at night time, and it's outside what looks like a gas station. And it's, I guess, these three African American guys confronting these other dude and I guess what is his girlfriend. And they're in an argument over him paying the other guy back for something. And then they fight and they're verbally arguing. And then the guy—Alfred, we find out later—whips out a gun at this other guy. And then the other guy is like, "I got a gun too," basically and he whips it out. And then Earnest Marks tries to calm Alfred down, but then he whips out his gun at Alfred 'cause he's trying to calm him down. Then Darius is there looking at the dog being like, "I seen that dog before." And the other guy who was being mad at Alfred and Darius and Earn is like, "What is your friend on?" And he is like, "Don't worry about it," and they continue arguing about it. And then the camera zooms out and you hear a gunshot and you don't know what happened. And then it kinda transitions and it's an aerial view over different neighborhoods and stuff. And the show is Atlanta—the title screen happens. And it shows a bunch of different houses—big ones, broken ones, kids playing on a court, stuff like that. And then it starts with Earn listening to music. And it's zoomed in on his face, and it starts zooming out to this girl. And he's listening to music, and she wakes up and taps his face and pulls his headphones off, and is like, "Why are you?" He's like, "I had a dream." And she's like, "What was it about?" And he's like, "I was swimming in a swimming pool, or I was swimming in an ocean and I was talking with some girl about it. And we were talking about how the seaweed wasn't the seaweed, it was hands. And if it grabs you it'll grab you and drown you and drag you down." And she was like, "That was deep." And he was like, "Yeah." And she asked about the girl in his dream. And he's like, "She was fat and annoying." And she was like, "So I ask about the girl and you say that?" And I was like—she was like, "I didn't say anything about making out with her." And she asked Earn, "Were you making out with her?" And he was like, "Yeah." And they started kissing and, you know, couples stuff. And she goes, "Tell me you love me." And then Earn laughs and doesn't say it. And then she gets really serious and she pushes him away and she's like, "Tell me you love me. Why'd you laugh?" And she was like, "'Cause you always ask that and I always say it." And then she got really pissed and pushed him off and started getting ready and stuff. And then Earn goes and sees their daughter—I'm assuming Lottie—and the conversation becomes way more serious. And she's like, "If you're—" the girlfriend is like, "If you're gonna be staying here, you need to start paying rent." And he was like, "Yeah sure, I'll bring it around at night after work." And she—he asked his girl when she'd be home. And he said she said, "Eleven." And he was like, "Oh that's pretty late." And she goes, "'Cause I have a date." And he gets kinda pissed and then he starts talking to his daughter in baby talk, being all like, "Oh your mom's gonna go on a date with some corny dude," and yada yada yada. And the scene shifts to show Earn at work. And it seems like he's in an airport trying to talk to people to get them to sign up for something for an airport. And him and a friend are sitting there and they're trying to do it. And he tries to approach someone but he gets told to fuck off. And then they look across the space, I guess, and there's an older African American lady trying to talk people into it. And she's doing really, really well, and she's getting a lot of people to sign up. And she totally rubs it in their face by pretending to dance with this guy she's getting to sign up for something. And Earn goes, "Whatever his girlfriend's name is is going on a date with somebody else and I'm broke, slightly homeless, I need to pay rent tonight," and all this other stuff. And then his friend goes, "Hey have you heard of Paper Boy?" And Earn's like, "Who's that?" And then his friend shows him this video. And then Earn looks up and he's like, "That's my cousin." And then the other guy comments on how thick his cousin—his other cousin is. And then that happens, and then Earn suddenly leaves, and he's like, "I gotta go." And the other friend is like, "Sure, to go say hi to Paper Boy, right?" And then the scene shifts to Earn showing up at his parents' house. And his dad doesn't let him in the house because he's like, "You're coming here to ask for money." And Earn's like, "What? No." And then his dad points out how he just left a shit in his house. And then he tries to deny it but his mom is like, "No that was definitely yours." So Earn asked his parents to pick up Lottie and watch her for a bit while he goes to do stuff. And everyone keeps referencing this thing about Princeton—what happened to not going to Princeton? So I have no idea what that's about. But then after he talks to his parents, they close thee door. And they walk—and he goes to see Alfred, who is his cousin. I don't know if I mentioned this, but the beginning scene at nighttime is what happens at the end of the episode. And then it goes—when the credits start and Gambino's in bed—that is the beginning; it shows how we got to that point. So basically then Earn shows up to Alfred's house. And at first Alfred opens the door and points a gun at him 'cause he wasn't sure who it is. And once he realizes it's Earn, he closes it and lets him in. And Earn, you know, makes some small talk. And then he's basically like, "Let me manage you, Alfred." And Alfred laughs 'cause he's like, "You have no—what would you know about managing? I need a real manager. I'm being offered deals and stuff like that." And this is when Earn meets Darius, who's Alfred's weird kinda high best friend-ish thing, I guess. And then when Alfred had the gun out at Earn, Darius had a plate of cookies, a bandana over his face, and a knife, which was really funny. And then, so they're talking, and then Darius goes, "Oh my god we're late," 'cause it's four thirty. And so the scene shifts and they're on a couch, pretty much smoking a joint, I guess, 'cause they missed four twenty, which is what they were late for. They were talking about it, and Alfred offers Earn the joint. And he was like, "Nah, I don't smoke when I'm talking business." And he's like, "Oh we're talking business?" And they were like—Alfred samples something for him, and they were talking and basically Earn was like, "Let me manage you. I can manage you." And Alfred's like, "No, you can't. I don't want you to manage me." And they get kind of in a fight, and Alfred calls Earn out and is basically like, "I haven't seen you since my moms died and now you wanna come here and talk about getting rich." And he was like, "Go home." So then I guess Earn decides to take things into his own hands, and he goes to a radio station where he meets this white boy, Dave, who's bringing in drinks to his boss, I guess. And Dave recounts the story and he uses the n-word at Gambino in retelling the story—or sorry Earnest. And Earn is like, "What the?" And he gives him a weird look, and he's like, "Alright." And Earn talks to Dave about potentially sampling Paper Boy. And Earn is basically like—or Dave is basically like, "Yeah give me five hundred, I'll run it by them." And Earn is like, "Why would I give you five hundred dollars?" And he's like, "It's for the convenience of knowing and the connections that I have," I guess. And so Earn gets pretty pissed off because Dave used the n-word at him, and then all this other stuff. So he's like, "Bye Dave," and he leaves. Earn approaches an African American guy who's the janitor, and he's throwing out the trash. And he talks to him and he's like, "Yo, what's your name?" And he's like—first he asked if Dave ever said the n-word in front of him. And he's like, "No." And then he asks for his name, and he says his name is Prince. And then he was asking how late he was working. And then the scene shifts to Earn with a CD and money. And he's walking past Dave, and he waves because Prince let him into the place real late. And he slipped it under KP's door, who's Dave's manager. And then in-between this, Alfred gets in the car and he drives to Earn's parents' house. And he asks—he's like, "What is Earn thinking? He came up saying he wants to be my manager." And then Darius is super weird, and he's like, "Can I measure your tree?" And Earn's dad is like, "No." And then basically I don't know what happened in the conversation, but Earn's dad is like, "I don't know what happened about Princeton but he'd probably tell you, being Alfred, before he tells me. But if he sets his mind to something, he'll do it his own way on his own terms." And then that's when the scene cuts to Earn slipping the CD and the cash under the boss's door, as opposed to Dave. And then the scene shifts to Earn on the bus with his daughter. And he has the weird—this anomaly thing, maybe. But there's this guy, another black guy, in a tan suit sitting on the bus across from him. His daughter's sleeping, he's wearing headphones. And the black guy in the tan suit gets up and sits next to him. And he gets up bread and Nutella and starts making a sandwich while giving Earn advice about everything. And he's like, "Earn, your mind is racing." And he says all this stuff. And then he basically implies that Earn should be like the broken stick flowing through the river, or something. And then he finishes his sandwich and he turns around to Earn, who has taken off his headphones at this point, and is talking with this guy. And he's like, "Eat the sandwich." And then he's like, "No." And at this point, police cars are zooming by and the bus stops. And then he—the guy in the tan suit—really abruptly gets up and gets off. And the Nutella is still left on the bus, implying that the guy in the tan suit wasn't, you know, a figment of Earn's imagination or anything. And the guy in the tan suit disappears into the woods with this cattle dog. Which was—ooo in the very opening scene of the episode, Darius is really weird, and he turns around and he's like, "Oh this is like deja vu. I've seen that cattle dog before." Or, it's an Australian cattle dog. But that same dog in the beginning scene is shown here following behind the guy in the tan suit. Then he's about to text—Earn looks at his phone and he's about to text to his girlfriend, or baby mama, or whatever it is. And he's all like, "I love you. Can we talk tonight?" And right before he's about to send it, Alfred calls and he picks it up. And Alfred hears his—has heard his song Paper Boy on the radio. And he's flipping out, so he's like, "Yo, let's talk." Then Earn is thinking, "Hell yeah, I'm gonna be his manager," and stuff like that. so I guess he drops off his daughter with is parents. And he goes to talk with Alfred, 'cause the next scene is him approaching the same car in the parking lot as the beginning scene. And Alfred offers him a joint again, and he's like, "I'll take that." And he sits there and he's smoking with them, and they see Dave. And Dave comes up, and he's like, "Yo Earn, what was that? KP's pretty pissed at me." And then he goes all like, "Oh, you know, I got connections." 'Cause Dave was like, "How'd you even get in that late?" And then Earn is pretty annoyed, so he's like, "Yo Dave, tell that Flo Rida story again." And so he—Dave—says the same story about how he had a station party the other night, and then the DJ was really bad 'cause he played back-to-back Flo Rida. And that's when the whole n-word happened. Dave didn't say the n-word this time, he was like, "Really?" And then it was kinda awkward, and he was like, "I don't know why you made me tell that story, that was bad." And then they were—Darius was like, "I like Flo Rida. Even mom's gotta listen to rap," which was kinda funny. And then Dave leaves, and he's like, "Bye, catch ya around." And then everyone was like, "Bye." And then Alfred notices the girl from the very first scene walking by. And he's like, "Ayy how you doin'?" And she's all like, "Fuck off," kinda type deal. And then he was like, "Well boo hoo to you, skank," or something like that. And then he goes back in the car and he's sitting there. And then the other guy comes up and kicks—the guy from the beginning who was getting in the argument kicks his window. I'm assuming he was that girl's boyfriend or something like that. Alfred gets really pissed and he tries to reach for a gun in the car. And then Earn is like, "No, don't fuck this up." And Earn is like, "Fuck," 'cause he's like, "Think about the money." And then Alfred, Darius, and Earn run out of the car and they get into an argument with this dude about. And this dude is shitting on the fact that this Paper Boy song and all that. And then you see the scene cuts to Earn's baby mama coming home after a date, she looks so cute. And then, you know, the news is on. And Earn's mom is leaving, and she's like, "Lottie's in bed but you're out of wine," so I'm assuming she was drunk. And the girl was like, "Okay, thank you." So then the news was like, "There's been a shooting in DeKalb county." And then it's like, "The two suspects are Alfred Paper Boy and Earnest Marks." And then she looks at the TV when the pictures come up, and she's like, "You idiot." And then the episode ends, so yeah.