Okay, so the episode starts with these three guys who are in the car, and then this one other guy kicks off the rear view mirror on the car, which pisses off one of the guys. And then they basically fight in front of some store, and the guy pulls out a gun and points it at the guy who wrecked his vehicle. And then you hear a bang, and then the scene basically cuts to I guess it's the bird's eye view of Atlanta. And then it shows this guy and this girl in this bed, and the guy is listening to some song. And now we know that the guy is called Earnest and the girl's called Van. So Earnest is listening to some song, and then Van wakes up. And then Earnest talks about his dream, which was about this fat lady in some water or something, and then there was their hands that will drag him down, and then he has to stay on top of the hands to stay afloat. And Van got really jealous, and she asked him whether the lady was pretty or not. And then he said that she was ugly. And then she wanted him to say that he loved her, but then he hesitated, so she got really mad and she left. And then he tried to remedy the situation, I guess, and he got up to— but she was really passive aggressive. Oh, and then they also had— they also have a daughter together, I think. So he was playing with the daughter, and then she informs him that she has a date tonight, so he has to take care of the daughter and not leave the daughter in the parents' house. And Earnest was like, "Okay, I will not leave her at my parents' house." And then afterwards we see him at his workplace, which I think is in an airport, and he's supposed to get people to sign some membership thing, but he and his friend are not succeeding, and they're losing or they're quote unquote losing to this older lady who is being really inappropriate but she's getting people to sign. And then his friend— Earnest's friend who's he's working with at whatever airline they're trying to recruit people for— shows him this video of Paper Boy, and Earnest realizes that Paper Boy's actually his cousin, so he leaves. And then the scene cuts to him at his parents' house, and it seems that his parents don't really like him in their house because he's broke and practically homeless. So dad assumes that he wants to get money, and then the mom is just not welcoming him into the house. And Earnest asks about where Alfred is, and after some delay— his dad replies that actually I don't know— his dad replies the location of Alfred. So Earnest goes to find Alfred, and when he knocks on the door or he goes to find Alfred— and then the scene cuts to Alfred on the couch with this other guy behind him that we now know as Darius. And Darius is making cookies or going through the fridge or something. And then Earnest knocks on the door, and Alfred answers the door with a gun, which is pretty scary. And then afterwards they lead— and then he leads Earnest into his house. And basically Earnest wants to make some money, so Earnest wants to be Alfred's manager. And then afterwards they just somehow end up in a park, and they're discussing business deals, and Earnest is talking about how they can make a— make a lot of money, and he knows all the people. And at that point Alfred doesn't really buy it, and Alfred doesn't want him to be the manager cause he's not man enough— so so— and also because he hasn't seen Earnest since his mom's funeral, and now he's just coming back and asking to make money, so he got mad. And then Earnest leaves, and there's this weird bit with Darius about how he can't make kids or something, but anyways. And then Earnest leaves, and he meets this guy who works at a radio station, and he's trying to get the guy— the DJ basically— to play Paper Boy by Paper Boy. And the DJ won't do it unless he pays five hundred dollars, and Earnest obviously doesn't have that money, so he just leaves. But then as the DJ guy is walking into the building, he sees this janitor— Earnest sees the janitor guy. And I think Earnest pays the janitor to let him into the building after hours, so he can slip some money from I don't know where with this CD, which I presume is Paper Boy, and give it to— and give it to the DJ, who I forgot his name. And then so afterwards he slips into the DJ. And then the next scene is Earnest, his daughter on a bus, and his daughter's sleeping with headphones on, and he's listening to music, and he's sitting right across this guy who's bald and wearing a bowtie. And then he starts talking about some really weird stuff, and then the guy with the bowtie switches seats, so he sits right next to Earnest and his daughter. And so Earnest takes off his headphones, and the whole time the bowtie guy is making a sandwich with Nutella, and then he just talks about— just says something that I don't remember, but it was kinda preachy and scary. And then at the end he tries to get Earnest to get a bite of his Nutella sandwich, but Earnest don't want to. And then suddenly the— and then you see a flash of blue, with sirens go past the bus, so I think that's police cars or something. Anyways, the bus stops, and then the doors open, and then when Earnest turns around to look at where the bowtie guy was, the guy has already disappeared. And he see outside the bus window that he has— he left with his dog, and this dog appeared in the beginning scene as well. And so in the beginning scene where they're confronting the guy who broke Alfred's car, and so yeah, so the dog is there. And in the beginning Earnest recognizes the dog, but then now we know where the dog comes from; it's from the guy with the bowtie. Anyways, so those— the guy with the bowtie and the dog disappear into the bushes or something. And then he gets a call, and Earnest is texting— he's in the middle of texting Van, who's the girl he was with this morning, about how he wants to talk to her. And then he gets a call from Alfred about how Paper Boy's playing on the radio and how he should join them in— he should join them in this in front of the store. And then so basically this takes us back to the first scene where they're in front of the store, and they're all listening to Paper Boy on the radio and smoking. And then Alfred— so in the car there's Alfred, Earnest, and Darius. And then Alfred screams out of the window to some girl, but then he doesn't get a response. So he's trying to get her attention by saying that it's his song playing on the radio, but he doesn't get a response. And then a few minutes later this guy comes and kicks off their— their the window. And then Alfred was gonna get the gun, but he didn't because Earnest stopped him, but Alfred got out to try to get the guy to pay for damages. And then the scene cuts to Van coming home from her date that night, and the TV is on and the news report, and Earnest's mom is taking the kid— Earnest's yeah, Earnest's mom was taking care of the kid. And then so Van comes back, and then she's getting ready to go to bed, I guess. And then she sees on the news report this— there was a shooting in in this county, and the two suspects are the rappers Paper Boy and Earnest. And so that's where the episode ends.