Alrighty, so the last episode started in the parking lot. Oh my gosh, I don't remember their names. Paper Boy and I don't remember Donald Glover's name in the show, but Paper Boy and him were in the parking lot, and they were talking to some people about the car that had its window—sorry, not the window, the mirror—smashed. And then Paper Boy shoots the other guy who'd walked by. And prior to that, which you know is revealed later in the episode, is that they were that Paper Boy was shit-talking or flirting with the girl who was walking by. Presumably, the guy who was shot and the girl have a relationship, and he was defending her by coming over and smashing the window— I mean mirror. Sorry, that's not me forgetting, that's me not being able to speak today. And they, yeah, so they were shot. So then the episode opens with the with the Donald Glover character in bed with his baby mama, whose name I thought was Van, I'm not sure. They're lying together. He's listening to music, which she wakes up to. And after she wakes up, they, they, she says something about, you know, "Why are you awake?" They then they start flirting, and they start to, I think, kiss. I believe, and as they're making out, she says, "Tell me you love me." And he says, and he laughs. And she says, "Why did you laugh?" And then because she said, "Why did you laugh," he, you know, "You always say that." And she says something about, "Why can't you just say it back?" I don't remember. So she gets out of bed, annoyed, walks away. He follows after her. She tells him that she has the their baby for the night, and he pretends to have remembered that as he picks her up. The baby's a baby girl; I don't remember her name either. And then she says she's going on a date later. Yeah, so then after that, she says she's going on a date, blah blah blah. The Donald Glover character, forget what happens immediately after that, but I think Paper Boy's probably playing music. And oh, I think Donald Glover's character's talking to someone else about how Paper Boy's gonna make it, blah blah blah, "You should get on that managing." Then Donald Glover—oh, cause Donald Glover goes back to his parents' house and asks them about watching the baby for the night. And they say they originally don't let him in; they think he's asking for money cause he always asks for money. And then they kicked—then they said they can take care of the baby. Then he, he asks where his cousin is. Earnest, why is that? Earn is his name, Earn, I don't remember. Then he asks where his cousin is, the Paper Boy cousin, Alfred. That sounds familiar, but I don't remember. Asks where his cousin is. And then he goes and finds the cousin. He knocks on the door, and Paper Boy's friend who's with him asks—opens it with a knife. No, sorry, the friend's in. Paper Boy opens the door with a knife. No, Paper Boy opens the door with a gun. Goes inside, and the friend standing there with a knife and a plate of cookies. And after Paper Boy tells him it's fine, "It's just my cousin," he puts a knife away and offers him a cookie. They sit down. They talk about his upcoming successes, about possibly managing. Kind of blows him off. They walk outside. They're sitting there, and they're talking about the Donald Glover character's talking about how they make—if he wants to make it, he needs to sell sex. After which, Paper Boy and the friend play some of his tracks, and he says that he would cut some of them for him. The Donald Glover, Donald Glover character says that, and then, "You don't sell sex. You're not, you're not white. You don't sell sex." Something else maybe, but he kinda blows him off and he kicks him out. And Paper Boy says, "The last time you talked to me was when my mom died. Now you're asking for the first thing you come doing is come ask me for money." So he blows him off. And then Childish—sorry, not Childish Gambino's also in the same—that's Donald Glover. But Donald Glover character goes and meets with his friend. He finds his friend in a parking lot, who is a—finds his friend in the parking lot. His friend is works at the radio station. And as he works at the radio station, he was asking if he could, you know, if he can put tracks on there. He said it would cost him half a stack, I think it's five hundred dollars. And he said, "That's a lot of money," blah blah blah. But friend was consistently using the n-word. The white—he's white. And then he kind of blows him off and goes inside, to which the Donald Glover character goes, "I really think his name is Earn. I'm gonna start calling him Earn for now on." Earn, yeah. Earn goes to the janitor, custodian person who's walking across with a giant cart, who's also black, and asks him about, oh, something, something. Does that guy always say that? He opens to have them bond. Does that guy always say that n-word? He's like, "Yeah, blah blah blah." Then he asks about how late the place is open or how late he's staying, that he could help him get in. Then next, there's a scene where Paper Boy and his friend pull up to what I think is Van, I think her name was Van, the baby mama's house, where Earn's parents' are taking care of the daughter. Paper Boy asks if they can see the daughter, and to which they say no, she can—something, something about contact from here. I remember assuming that was a marijuana thing. And then she, he says something about wanting to, you know, "Earn wants to manage me. I don't trust him. He's not the same." And it cuts to between that to Earn getting sneakers with money in them, and there's a mixtape with money in them. And after they have this conversation, he leaves. And then Earn delivers the—I don't know if his name's Earn now. Okay, I'm sorry, I'm gonna keep going with Earn though, cause that's easier than Donald Glover character. Earn then goes to the place at night, and he sees the white friend on the radio, and he kind of gives him a concerned look. And he slips the tape under his boss's door, who I think's name was Alex, so I don't remember. Also, Paper Boy's on the radio. Paper Boy is in a car, I think maybe smoking with the friend. And Paper Boy calls Earn and says, "Do you hear that? Blah blah blah. I'm on the radio." Wait, is that later? That is later, sorry. Then Earn's on the bus way home, and he's with his daughter, and she's listening to headphones. And this strange man who I believe is also black and wearing a grey suit comes and sits next to him, makes what I believe was a Nutella sandwich, asks him to take a bite, was talking biblical, very prophetically, and then leaves with this grey—with this black dog. It's just into the woods off the bus stop. And then while they're on the bus, Paper Boy calls him, says, "Do you hear that? Do you hear that? Turn it up. It's his song on the radio. Do hear that? Something, something. Why don't you come pull through? Why don't you come visit me?" And he says something about Earn says something about, oh, a manager would. And he said something like he just made a joke about that Paper Boy did. And then after that, they meet up. I really don't remember. Okay, this is—they're sitting in the car, and they are listening to the song. Yeah, oh, at one point again, he talks to the white friend, something about, oh, you know, he doesn't like it when you know something that goes over his head because he was trying to make the cut out of it, but I don't remember when that was. So anyway, then they're listening to the song, they're smoking in the car. Actually, I don't know if they're listening to the song, talking about managing. And then that's when they're sitting in the car, and the woman from the beginning of the episode walks by, and Paper Boy's catcalling her, saying that she was, you know, Paper Boy, blah blah blah. And then as he's flirting with her, she brushes him off. And then the what, what I assumed was her boyfriend kinda came kicked down the door. And then walked—kicked down the door. And then they get out of the car. And then the scene cuts to Van, or if that is her name, I don't remember, the baby mama, walking into her house. The Earn's mom says something about, "Oh, here's the kid, blah blah blah. Though your wine's finished." And Van says, "All of it, blah blah blah." So she had finished the bottle of wine, blah blah blah. Earn said, "I don't know if he said that, I might be making that up." Then she leaves. And then Van watches the television that's playing the news. At first, it said something benign and not important, and then it cuts to the story about Paper Boy and Earn involved in a shooting. I think the the person who was shot is still critically injured; they weren't dead. And they, it talks a bit. Earn's called his manager for the first time, and she says something like, "What did you guys? What did you get yourselves into?" Cause they were, they were both in custody, yeah.