So I think I remember last time the episode started with a rapper and his friend, well, his manager Earnest, and they were in a— they were next to a store and they were in a car, and someone went and knocked over the mirror on the car or the side mirror, and then they went to have a confrontation. And then, oh yeah, rapper's name is Paper Boy, and so Paper Boy got a fight— well, not really a fight, but they started arguing, and then they started pulling out guns on each other. And then Earnest was trying to be, "Hey now, that's not cool." And then there was one other person on Paper Boy's side, and his name was Darius, and they live in the same house, and they pulled guns on each other. And then Paper Boy shot— well, there was a gunshot, and then the screen pan to Atlanta, Georgia, and just a series of images of Atlanta, Georgia. And then we follow the life of Earnest who is in bed with his wife, whose name I don't quite remember at the moment. And then they're in bed, and then he's telling her the dream he had. And then they they got up and they were talking, and then no, and then they were, I think the wife got upset at something. And then Earnest— it's clear from this scene also that Earnest has a close relationship with his daughter. And then he they basically have to— he basically gets kicked out of the house because he can't pay rent. And we go to his job; he works at the airport for insurance. And then he's talking to his friend, whose name I also can't remember, but they're talking about Paper Boy. And then Earnest was like, "Oh yeah, Paper Boy's my cousin." There's also this older grandma in the scene who is clearly racking up more customers for the insurance company than they are, meaning that she has more money because Earnest only gets paid fifteen fifty plus commission. So Earnest realizes that he needs a more stable income or a better source of income, so he goes to— and then there's conversation with his friend, he realizes that he could earn some money off of Paper Boy's career, so he goes, he goes to Paper Boy— no, he first goes to his parents' house to ask where Paper Boy is, cause his parents thinks think he's coming back for more money. Then they tell him where Paper Boy is, so then he goes to Paper Boy's house. And then Paper Boy and Darius are very suspicious of people, so when Earnest first knocks on the door, Paper Boy's playing video games and he pulls out a gun at him, Darius stands in the corner with a knife and a plate of cookies. And then they go into this living room where Paper Boy's playing video games, and they talk a bit. And then Earnest basically suggests that he could be his manager, he could make his career sky rocket and stuff. Then it was a certain time, and then they decide to move out because it's some sort of tradition thing; they moved out to the lawn and there was a couch there, and they're all sitting on the couch, they all sat on the couch. And then it's here they're smoking cigarettes, and Paper Boy blows up at Earnest because all Earnest seems to want is the money. And Paper Boy's like, "This is the first time you've come to talk to me or my family after my mother's funeral." First you come to ask for his money. Then obviously Earnest doesn't get the job or he doesn't convince Paper Boy to get the job, so he decided to take matters in his own hands. So he goes to his friend Ryan, I believe, who works at the radio station, and he tries to convince him to put on Paper Boy's song. Then after that his— oh yeah, and then Ryan cracks this joke about— and well, he says the n-word, and then Earnest is a little offended by it or he's suspicious of it. Then he then Ryan's basically like, "Give me five hundred dollars or I won't play this," so Earnest coughs up five hundred dollars from his shoe box that he has. And then he goes to the radio station through the garbage man called Prince; he slips the CD and money under the door where Ryan can see. Later on, Paper Boy's song plays on the radio. Paper Boy calls— oh yeah, and then Earnest is on the bus, and then he meets this really weird creepy stranger who's in a brown suit. He the brown suit guy he doesn't— he he's really weird because he sits across from him at first, and Paper Boy's on this bus with his daughter; he they're both listening to music. And then he the brown suit guy gives him some supposedly mystic advice, I guess. And then he's eating, he's spreading Nutella on white toast, and then he's trying to make he tried to make Earnest eat the toast. And then there's an ambulance in the background, and then Earnest goes to look at that instead, and by the time he looks back the brown suit guy has gone off the bus, leaving the Nutella, and he has gotten off the bus and he has a dog, and they walk into the woods. Then at that point he was gonna text his wife saying asking if he could talk that night, and then but before he can send that message phone call from Paper Boy comes. So it turns out Paper Boy's calling him because his song's on the radio, so he meets up with Paper Boy in his car outside of the store, going back to the first scene, so it's all cyclic. And then then they see Ryan, Ryan comes over, and then Earnest tries to make Ryan tell the joke the party joke he they thought was he uses the n-word in. But then this time Ryan told it, he didn't use the n-word. Then then we know what happens next; they have that altercation with the other two people. And then the next thing you know it's the wife, she's looking at the TV, and then in there there's breaking news; it's about Paper Boy and Earnest, and they're I think under they're in prison or there's some sort of sentence going on, legal issue with them about this thing that just happened.