So in the episode I watched last week, it starts with these three guys in a, this car park, parking space in front of the store. And so the guys' names are Alfred, Earnest, and this other guy which I forgot. And then so they're in this car and then suddenly someone smashes their rear view mirror which makes Alfred really mad cause I think it's his car. And so he goes out and chases whoever did that. And then afterwards they're confronting each other and then Alfred pulls out a gun and points it to the guy who knocked off the rear view mirror's head. And then and then there's a shot so presumably it was the gun firing. And then afterwards it just cuts out to this view of Atlanta I would say. And then it goes to some of that bird's eye view stuff and then it cuts into a person's house and it's this guy and this girl in bed together. And the guy is the guy is Earnest and the girl's, I think the girl's name start with a V but I don't remember what her full name is. But they're together in the bed and he wakes and he's and then the guy's awake and he's listening to music, he's listening to rap in his earphones. And then the girl wakes up and basically and asks him, I think, how long he's been awake. And then he starts recalling his dream which was really weird with where he felt like he was being pulled down by a bunch of hands. And then he he's trying to stay stay above the hands and there's some deeper meaning to it. And then and then she asked him whether they were really they were they whether they made out or something. And then he gets super defensive, he's like, "Why does that matter?" And then she just asks him and he's like, "Yeah." And then they get into a fight because Earnest doesn't tell her that he loves her which makes her which causes her to basically just get out of bed and walk away from him. And he's really frustrated or he's more exasperated. And and then and then I think she goes to the bathroom and he goes to pick up his daughter who's in the nursery. So we know at that point we know that they have a daughter together, Earnest and this girl, and but I don't think they're together because the girl was going on a date tonight and she told Earnest that he would have to take care of the daughter tonight because she's going out. And Earnest was like, "Okay." And she told him not to drop her off at her at at his parents' house and Earnest said, "Yeah, that's fine." And then Earnest goes to work and I think he works in an airport as some sales person. And him and his friend are trying to get people to sign up for something and they're I guess quote unquote competing with the other this lady across from them who's managing to get some people to sign whatever it is they have to sign. And she's being really inappropriate with the guy but Earnest and his friend have no business and so they're just really bored. And then and then Earnest's friend pulls out his phone which is cracked and sad and shows this video of Paper Boy. And then Earnest looks at the phone and realizes that he knows Paper Boy and Paper Boy's actually his cousin. And so Earnest just leaves work I guess. And then so Earnest just leaves work and then the scene cuts to Earnest at his parents' house and his parents don't really want Earnest in his house because Earnest's kinda doesn't have a house and he's basically homeless and he doesn't and he doesn't make any money so his parents kinda just don't want him in the house. And the last time he was in the house he shat somewhere and it was really gross. But Earnest asks his dad where Alfred is and his dad after some hesitancy in telling him finally tells him where Alfred is. And so and then oh what's his name. And then Earnest goes to Alfred's house and we see Alfred on a couch watching some TV. And he there's this other guy in the back whose name I forgot was Milk and the other guy's like, "Hey can I drink this milk?" And Alfred's like, "Probably not." But anyways so there's a knock on the door and Alfred takes a gun to the door and it turns out it's just Earnest. So Earnest walks in, the other guy whose name I don't know offers him a cookie and Earnest sits down in the couch with with Alfred. And Earnest is like, "Hey I have a proposition for you, can I be your manager basically for because Alfred is Paper Boy." And and and Alfred is like, "What are you talking about? Like why?" And and so and they somehow continue this conversation in a park and it ends up with Earnest not getting Alfred to sign him as his manager because Alfred gets really mad because the last time he saw Earnest was when his when his mom died and now he's just coming back and asking him for money. And Alfred also doesn't want Earnest because he has no connections and they need connections. So the next scene is Alfred walking up to this guy who's now I think he's a DJ at this radio station. So the guy has four Starbucks coffees which is a lot of Starbucks coffees but he takes the the guy in. So the DJ guy whose name I forgot too it comes out of the car and he has four Starbucks coffees and Alfred basically just stops him and then says, "Hey how how much do I have to pay you? No how how or can you play Paper Boy's song on the radio tonight?" And the DJ guy was like, "I don't think I think it would I think you would have to pay a lot of money in order for to to play the song on the radio." And Earnest is like, "Oh my god like I don't have this much money." But then he ends up so so then he doesn't have that much money. And then the DJ guy walks into I guess where they work and Alfred sees this janitor guy with a garbage bin and asks him if he can stay and basically just befriends him. And it turns out that the janitor guy let Earnest into the recording or DJ radio building and somehow he has some money so he slips a CD with money under a door to his DJ friend which I assume is Paper Boy. And then and while this is happening Alfred is apparently with Earnest's parents now talking to them about how Earnest approached him to be his manager for for his music career but so and then I don't really remember what that led to. But so now Earnest has given the CD to the DJ guy and then he's on the bus with his daughter going back home I would say. And he's sitting right opposite this guy who's bald and was wearing a bow tie and I think he I'm not sure if the dog was shown but it turns out he has a dog. And the guy just says some stuff which is slightly intimidating to him and he he's listening to music and his daughter's listening to music. And then he takes off his headphones and the bald guy with the bow tie moves to sit next to him on the bus and he's kind of intimidated by him. And the whole time the bald guy is making a Nutella sandwich and then so he asks a question or or no he doesn't ask a question, he tries to get Earnest to take a bite of his Nutella sandwich but Earnest is like, "No." And then the bus suddenly stops because there's sirens blaring. And then so so Earnest turns his head away from the bald guy and then when he turns back he's gone and he can see out the window that he just disappeared into a forest or some trees bushes with his dog. And that's weird and that's weird. And he was gonna text and then Earnest just goes and he he was gonna text his text the mother of his child to meet up some to and basically just text the mother of his child but before he can send the text Alfred calls him because Paper Boy is playing on the radio and Alfred wants him to meet him wants Earnest to meet him somewhere. And so Earnest ends up going. And then this brings us back to the beginning of the episode where they're sitting in a car and they're smoking I think. And then Alfred yells out to this girl and the girl just ignores him. And oh Alfred yells out to the girl that he's playing on the radio and the girl just ignores him. And then they just talk a little bit and then this guy comes over and he knocks the rear view mirror down. I think he's with the girl that Alfred yelled out to. Alfred gets mad, Alfred tries to reach for the gun in his car and Earnest stops him and Alfred just basically just chases the guy who broke his car down in the in the in front of the store. And then and then somewhere along the way they also see the DJ dude walking out of the store but anyways. So now now Alfred is Alfred the the guy's name that I don't remember and Earnest are basically facing off with the dude who broke the car and the girl. And then Alfred pulls out the gun and while this is happening Earnest sees turns and sees this dog and he recognizes the dog from the bald guy, it's the bald guy's dog. And then so he's confused and then yeah so so and then Alfred shoots but this is not seen, they're just confronting. And then Earnest's girlfriend or the girl that he was with this morning that morning is walking in to the house after her date and she sees on the TV that there was a shooting happening and the suspects are Alfred or Paper Boy and Earnest and the and and that's basically where the episode ends.