So the episode began with what the episode ended up ending up with, which was Earn, full name Earnest, and Paper Boy, whose name is Alfred, and they're having a confrontation with a woman who Alfred Paper Boy had catcalled, and then I'm guessing it's her boyfriend. And they were talking about the damage of the car outside what I thought was a gas station, and Paper Boy shot the guy. And then the episode cut to Earn and his— I don't think girlfriend because she went on a date— so his baby mama. They're in bed together, and he's listening to music. He wakes her up, I'm guessing with the music. She asks why he's up, and he starts playfully kissing her. She asks him to tell her that he loves her, and he laughs instead of saying it. He says he usually just says, "Of course." And she was asking why he laughed, blah blah blah. Then he did say, "I love you," but it was kinda meaningless, and she got upset. So she walks out into the hallway and starts taking her hair out. She's getting ready for— she tells him that she has— oh, Earn walks over to the crib. You see they have a daughter together. The daughter's name is Lottie. She's a baby. He picks her up. He's talking to her. Then I think Van is the name of the woman that is the mother of the child, and she walks down the hallway telling him that he has the child for the night, and she's going on a date, and that's why she'll be back late. And then Earn picks up Lottie and says something about says some insult to the hypothetical date that she's going with. So then you see Earn goes over to his parents' house cause he has to figure out— he didn't— no, he also said earlier that he says to the daughter, "Oh, you totally remembered that they were going on this date," not that they were going on this date, sorry. He totally remembered that he had her for the night, the daughter being her. So he goes to his parents'. They won't let him in because, you know, they assume he's looking for money. And oh, wait, oh, prior to that there's a conversation about— I forget who with— but there's a conversation about Paper Boy and his music career starting to take off before he heads to the house. Maybe it's on the radio or car radio, I think so. He goes to the parents' house asking about taking care of the daughter and then asking where Alfred is, who is Paper Boy. He then goes to Paper Boy's house. When he knocks on the door, Paper Boy opens with a gun in his face. Then he opens the door realizing that it's his cousin because they were cousins. He walks in, and his friend who I can't remember the name of has a knife and a plate of cookies. And Earn and he says after Paper Boy walks in, "Don't worry, it's just Earn," I think he says that. And then gives— and then says, "Do you want a cookie?" and takes the knife away. It was a butcher knife, it was a really big knife. And then they walk in. They're talking about Paper Boy, the song, how it's taking off, and Earn tells him that he wants to manager for him. And he's telling— and they're outside at some point after, and they're just talking about how he wants to manage him and how he wants to manage him, and that he's not selling, he's not white, he's not selling sex, and there's lots of things that are kinda against him, and he needs someone, he needs good representation. To which there is Paper Boy's response to "I'm not selling sex" is playing one of his twenty-eight tracks in the mix, and he starts rapping over it about sex and about a massage. And Earn says something about cutting those tracks. I don't know if he was referring to cutting them together or just cutting them out of the mix, but he was talking about cutting them. When Earn then very earnestly asks him about managing, Paper Boy says that he hasn't said anything to him since his mom died, and the first thing he says he comes looking for is asking for money and to get out of his to get out of his face. Then Earn goes— he ends up, he's, he really wants to pursue obviously his managing career. So he shows up at the parking lot of his presumably his white friend who hasn't— who works at a radio station. And they're having conversation about Paper Boy and how he can get his song, "Paper Boy," on the radio. And he was saying that it would take half a stack, which I'm assuming is some amount of money that was around five hundred dollars, so I'm guessing half a thousand dollars, half a stack. Something about he was just gonna collect the profit and then pass on the song cause he has that influence. He was kind of being annoying about it, cocky, the white guy. And he went back in, he was kind of saying, "If you don't have money, then I'm not gonna do it." He was also saying the n-word. And then he went inside, and Earn started talking to the janitor whose name was Prince. It was also on his shirt that it said Prince. He was pushing a cart of garbage bags, and he was talking to him. He said, "Is your name really Prince?" or he asks what his name is, "Is it really your name?" blah blah blah. He opened up with a relatable comment about, "Does that guy ever say the n-word around you?" and he was kind of, "Yeah, so annoying," blah blah blah. And that was the point of bonding. And then he asked about how late the building is open and presumably planned to get inside using his friend that he had made. After that it cuts to— I don't remember well— later he has the money. He has the mix on his CD, and he has the money together. He opens that in a bag, a blue bag with a pair of shoes, and he takes the money out of his shoes. I thought that was strange, but I wasn't sure how he had gotten the money all of a sudden, especially cause he deemed it so expensive. And I think that that scene's cut between another scene, so I think that happened before slash during. I think they were cutting between the scenes if I remember correctly, which I'm not sure I do. Alfred Paper Boy went to the— went to a house. I don't know whose house it was cause it didn't look like the parents' house, but it it must've been Van's house, it must've been Van's house from the outside, the baby mom's house. So that's where they were watching the Lottie, and Lottie was outside. Earn's mom was playing with the daughter. And then Alfred drives up in a car— Paper Boy, I'm sorry, drives up in the car with his friend who I still can't remember the name of. And they're talking about. He says, "You know Earn wants to manage me. I don't trust him. I don't know who he is." Something about, you know, not really understanding where he is now, what happened to him. I think that's when it kinda cuts to him with the with the money. And he also asks— Alfred asks, Paper Boy asks to say hi to Lottie. She says something about having a contact from here. I'm assuming that's drug smell, maybe marijuana smell, that's enough from the distance. Oh, and then the guy in the car asks about measuring Earn's dad's tree. He says no. And then he's, "That's that," basically means no, he'll never do it, not right now. It was yeah, that was strange. I didn't really understand what that meant, that was a metaphor for something or not. But anyway, so it cuts back to Earn with the money in the CD case with the CD presumably with the song on it. He walks in, and the white guy is I think talking on the radio, and he slips the disk with the money in a I think manilla envelope, yeah, under I think the door. Said Alex P, and I think that he kinda went over the white guy's head, he straight to his boss, so he wasn't getting the cut, the white guy, the boss was getting the cut. I think that's what happened. And he gave that to him. Then later Paper Boy calls him from the car with the music playing and said, "Oh no." So then from there Earn is on the bus with Lottie. She had Lottie has headphones on, and there's this strange man, another black man in a suit, in a grey suit, who's talking almost very poetically, almost kind of some sermon, I'm not sure. And he says, "Something's bothering you," he could tell. So then Earn takes his headphones off, starts talking to him, and he's talking about something about there are some people put on this earth only to do things to help the winners of the world. So clearly he's, you know, he's feeling dejected and that he's just lifting other people up. And then the guy takes out Nutella, I thought it was Nutella, it was some sort of brown spread, spreads it onto pieces of white bread, and tells Earn to take a bite. Also during this time— oh, sorry, I'm gonna go back. I forgot that in the opening scene the other guy who was with him said felt deja vu, and he pointed out that there was a dog, there was a dog in the light, and police lights were also shown right, I think flashing right before the gun shot fired in the initial initial beginning of the show. Okay, back to now. Yeah, so all the sudden the bus stops, and then guy— he didn't wanna bite the sandwich, he told him to bite the sandwich, he was very aggressive. Also he's off the bus with a dog, which it thought might've been the dog from the beginning of the show, I guess that's what made me remember. And then they walk off into the woods. Then Earn calls— no, Alfred Paper Boy calls from the car telling him, "Do you hear that?" blah blah blah. He says, "I can't," you know, "Oh, what?" There's still, he's still on the bus. He said he asks the other friend to turn it up, "You know that's my song on the radio. Do you wanna, you know, come through and talk?" And he says, "Oh," like, "Oh," like a manager would. And he said, "Just come on over here," or something. He says something playful. So then he goes to him, I'm trying to— then he comes to him, and they're smoking in the car. They all smoke. And while they're sitting in the car, the first confrontational guy who's the boyfriend of the catcall girl from the beginning of the show— oh no, no, no, the girl walks by while they're sitting in the parking lot talking about the song or they're just smoking, and the a girl walks by. He says, Paper Boy says something about, "That's my song," I think, I'm not hundred percent sure. And then he calls her a broad, I remember at one point. And then the boyfriend, I'm assuming, or comes and smashes his front left mirror. And Paper Boy gets very aggressive, and he goes out of the car and says something, grabs money or he— oh, also in the beginning of the episode they were talking about— oh, he has the, he has to get the— no, in the episode he said he wants to get cash for the headlight, but in the beginning of the episode they were talking about he, he's Paper Boy, "Oh, you're Paper Boy, you know, you're making a lot of paper," like something about that. But yeah, and then I remember Earn opens the glove compartment, I think there's a gun in there, I don't know if that was taken out or not. And then they start, they walk off, and obviously the watcher connects to what happened in the beginning of the show. And then yeah, they get out of the car. Then it cuts to Van coming home from her date. She looks really nice. The TV's playing the news, they're tallkig about something irrelevant at first while she's coming in. And then the Earn's mom is there saying Lottie's in the bed, wine is finished something. And then you know Van's, "Oh, the whole bottle," and she leaves. And she's I think taking her shoes off, getting comfortable. And she hears something about there's been a shooting in the debuke in the city, something about outside a club with Paper Boy and his manager. So that's the first day of manager Earnest, something marks maybe, and it's his graduation picture, a standard blue background, him in a suit, and Paper Boy's a rapper picture. And Van says something along the lines of, "What have you done?" And then the video cuts off from there.