So the episode starts off with a scene that the episode ends with, which is they're in front of the Wet Bar nightclub, and Paper Boy—his real name is Alfred—and Earnest Marks, the main character of the show, are confronting two people. They're confronting two people who had hit the mirror off of their car, and how that happened I'll get to that later. They're confronting two people who hit the mirror off their car, and that's one guy and his girlfriend, I'm assuming. And they get into a full heated argument, and Alfred mentions that he's Paper Boy, and then the girl is like, "You're rich, you can pay for it." And then Alfred gets really angry, and he pulls out a gun that Earn had brought with him and points it at the guy. And the guy's also like, "I have people who have guns too who'll get back at you." And Alfred's just pointing the gun straight at the guy's chest, and he shoots him. And then the scene cuts, and it goes to a scene where it's just a bird's eye view of a lot of different neighborhoods. So you have one with a really nice pool, big houses, suburbs, and then you have houses with bad neighborhoods with broken, ruined houses, and then parks, and then there's one with a basketball court. And then it cuts scene to Earnest Marks and his wife, his girlfriend, or his significant other—it's unclear whether she's his wife or his girlfriend—and they're in bed together, and Earn is listening to some music on his headphones, and it's in the morning. And his girlfriend Van swings his arm in front of him and kind of hits his face a little bit, and she says, "Why are you up so early?" And Earn said that he had a dream that there is—he was swimming in the water, and then there was seaweed underneath him. And the girl who's with him said, "Don't swim too close to the seaweed because they're like hands, and they will grab you and push you down if you do." And Earn says that this is kinda like how society is. And then Van cuts him off, and she gets a little jealous, and she says, "Why are—why is this like—why was the girl there? And who was the girl?" And Earn says, "Oh no, she was really fat and annoying." And then the girl is like, "But you're kissing her, right?" And Earn said, "No, I didn't say that, but I did kiss her afterwards." And they kinda laugh it off a little bit, and then Earn starts kissing Van, and they start getting into it. And then Van says, "I love you," and Earn says—doesn't say anything. And then Van pushes him off and stops kissing him, and she gets upset, and she says, "How come you never say I love you back? You just say of course." And Earn hesitates a little bit, and he says, "I love you." Then Van is already upset, so then Van gets up and goes to the bathroom and wash off and get ready for the morning. And Earn gets up afterwards, and Earn goes to his daughter Lottie—goes to their daughter Lottie—and she looks like she's about three years old, and she's—she's still in the crib, so maybe younger, I don't know. And then she—they're with Lottie, he's with Lottie, and he carries her and holds her. And then Van says, "Ask Earn if he can take care of Lottie tonight," and but take care of Lottie as in don't just give them to his parents to take care of her, actually take care of her, and if he could pay the bills for the rent tonight. And because she says that she's gonna be out late, and Earn asks her where she's going, and she doesn't really say it 'cause she said she'll be back at eleven, but Earn knows that she's going out on a date with someone else, and he—she's cheating on him, but he seems to take it surprisingly okay. So then the scene cuts, and Earn is at his job, and he's working at—he's working at the airport, and he works as a salesman for the airport, and they're selling rewards cards for the airline rewards credit cards. And he is working with his coworker, and they're talking a little bit, and they—he complains about how he's broke and he can't make any money, and because he's not a old lady and people like buying rewards cards from old friendly seeming ladies. And they look across the hall, and there's an old lady also doing sales commission selling the rewards cards. And someone goes over, and old lady asks—pretends to be really endearing, and then while the—the man she sold the card to is signing the papers for the card, she pretends to grind against, and in order to gloat her glory over them as a saleswoman. And Ernie gets upset over that. And then it cuts scenes to—oh no, it doesn't cut scene. So while—while he's there with his coworker, his coworker shows him a video of the rapper Paper Boy, aka Alfred, who—who Alfred, who Ernie knows. And then he recognizes his cousin in the music video too, and then he has an idea. And then then we cut scene, and it goes to—it goes to a scene of his parents' house, and he's at his parents' house. He walks up to the door and he knocks on the door, and his dad doesn't open the door all the way; he kinda stands in the entrance and won't let him in. And he says they have a very awkward relationship, it's a bit strange, and he says, "Whatchu doing here?" And Ernie says that he just wants to know where Alfred is. And they talk about how his parents don't like Ernie coming because he only takes their money, and sometime he only takes their money. And but then eventually his dad does tell him where Alfred is, and Ernie leaves—he's—and he goes to walk to Alfred's house. And then he goes to Alfred's house, and he knocks on the door. And then we have a—it goes to a clip shot of Alfred and his friend, I think it's either Darren or Darrell, are doing inside the house. And Alfred's playing a video game, and Darrell's in an apron, and he's baking cookies. And that's when—then you hear—then you hear Ernie knocking on the door. And Alfred gets up, and he brings a gun with him. And then when he opens the door, he opens it just the bit and points the gun at Alfred—no, he points the—Alfred points the gun at Earn. And Ernie explains—he—he—they know each other, he says who he is, and then he says who he is. And then Alfred lets him in, and then he turns around the corner in the house, and then he sees Darren holding a knife ready to attack as well as a plate of cookies. And then Darren realizes that Ernie's fine, and he says, "Want a cookie?" And then Ernie grabs a cookie, and then they sit down and talk for a little. And then Ernie tells Alfred his plan, and he says, "I mean, I wanna be your manager for your—for Paper Boy, and that can make a lot of money." And at first Alfred is completely against it; he says no, he's not about it. But Earnest says that he has connections and he knows people and he's responsible and he knows what he's doing. And then they talk about how Earnest is like Martin Luther King Junior, and—and he should be like more like Malcolm X, and because Martin got killed. And then Earnest didn't—they both get killed. And then they switch scenes, and they go outside, and Alfred and his friend Darrell are on this shabby ripped apart couch in the middle of a field, and they're smoking a joint. And Earnest starts—they keep talking about the whole plan about Earnest being the manager, and Earnest says that he—if this works out well, then Alfred's children could have a good life, Darrell's children could have good life, his child could have a good life. Because right now Alfred's only—right now Earnest is only making five—fifteen dollars an hour plus commission, which basically means that he's broke and he can't afford to pay rent. And Alfred still is really locked in, not really all for the plan. And then he goes to—and then they righ—right before they go out to the couch, with the transition to that one was—they Alfred was like, "It's four thirty, it's time." So what does that mean? I assume that with a reference to four twenty, so it was time to go smoke a joint, and that's why they went outside to go smoke. And then after they have the conversation on the couch outside, they're all smoking. It's like ambiguous whether Alfred will take him or not as a manager, but regardless it cuts scenes to Earnest, and he's wearing a backpack this whole entire time, which is—he goes to—we see him walking out of a dumpster, not really behind from behind a dumpster. He walks into a parking lot, and he sees this his white friend, I think his name is Dave, not sure, but he sees his wife friend coming out of a car. And his friend is like, "Did you just walk out from a dumpster?" And then Earnest just ignores him and continues to say what he was saying. And then he—they—they know each other, and they say, "Wow, it's so good to see each other," like introductions like that. And this friend, by the way, he works at the radio station, one o six point five, one o five point five, something like that. And he tells—and they do some catching up, and his friend—I'm just gonna call him Dave for now regardless of whether that name was right or wrong—Dave says tells Ernie about this story about this story about how he was at a party last night. Ernie should've been DJing because the DJ, it's a friend of a friend's, and at a station party, and it was so bad, and he was—and he had played two Flo Rida songs in a row, which was horrible. And so he had to go up to the DJ and be like, "Hey," and then he says the—the N-word, which makes Ernie feel uncomfortable since he—yeah, feel uncomfortable. "Hey, insert N-word, you need to stop playing that song and get out." And then Ernie laughs along 'cause he still wants to be on favoring side of Dave, but he's clearly uncomfortable with him saying that word. He—he says, "Hey, did you actually say that?" And that ambiguously does not refer to the N-word itself but the whole thing. And Dave is like, "Yeah," and he seems kinda proud of it. And then Ernie tells Dave about his plan that, "Oh, can you send this mixtape of Paper Boy?" So he's like, "Do you know—do you know Paper Boy? You should play that at the party 'cause that's lit and it's real good." And Dave is like, "Sure, yeah, sometime." And then Ernie says, "I have this mixtape of Paper Boy, could you send this into your manager who plays the songs on the radio, who determines what songs go on the radio?" And he's like, "I can't do that, I don't have the connections, I can't just take songs from any ordinary person up the road." And Ernie's like, "I'm not any ordinary person." And Dave is like, "Yes, you are." And plus you need a lotta money for that, so you need about five hundred dollars in order to send in the mixtape. So then Ernie goes—and so then he—then Dave walks away, goes inside the radio building. And on the way in, he shakes hands and greets the other—the other guys, and then he walks them around. And then as he's walking in, the janitor comes out holding a dumpster kind of thing, like a trash bin. And Ernie goes out to the man who—the dumpster man, whose name is Prince, and he says, "You know that guy?" as he points to Dave. And then the guy—the Prince is like, "Yeah." And Ernie sees that on his shirt his name is Prince, and he's like, "Is your name really Prince?" And Prince is like, "Yeah." And they seem to hit it off pretty—they seem to be friendly to each other. And then Ernie says, "Has that guy ever said the N-word to you?" And Prince is like, "No, never. If he did, I'll hit him." So then Ernie—yeah, and then Ernie—they get along pretty well. And then Ernie—it's implied at least that Ernie asks the guy—we get into—then Ernie asks the guy asks Prince to let him into the building with his keys into the room where the radio songs are being recorded and where the manager's room is. And Ernie passes—gets in, and he passes by the man with—he passes by Dave who's recording on air, and he shows him the mixtape. And before—before after Ernie goes up to Prince, before he goes in the room, it's seen that he goes into his shoe box, and there are shoes, and he has pulls out a lotta cash, which is—I'm assuming is the five hundred dollars. And he sticks it in with the mixtape, the CD. And then he goes in, and then he points to the CD, the mixtape, as he passes by Dave, and Dave is like, "Okay," like he's like waves mixed gestures at him 'cause he can't actually say anything because he's on air. And then Ernie goes past him, goes to the manager's room, and puts the CD of Paper Boy and the money in an envelope and slides it under his door. And then it cuts scene, and we see Paper Boy and his friend Darren—they're going up to Paper Boy and his friend Darren—they're going up to Ernie's parents' house. And Darren's like, "Hey, could I measure a tree?" And his dad—Ernie's dad is like, "No." And then Darren's like asking Ernie's dad about Ernie being wanting to be his manager and how he's unresponsible. Oh, and right after Ernie leaves the couch when they're talking on the couch, and they're going back to the house, Darren—not Darren—Alfred's like, "Why should I trust you? Last time—the last time you saw me was after my mother died, and now you want to get money from me? Now you're like, 'Let's make money.'" And so they were—it's a little fast forward, we're back to the scene that I'm at talking about right now, where Alfred's talking to Ernie's dad. And Ernie says—Ernie's dad says like, "Yeah, Ernie has some flaws, but he—when he wants to do something, he will set his mind on it, he will do it." And that convinces Alfred to accept Ernie. So then we see—oh, and then Lottie's also at Ernie's parents' house. And then we see Ernie—cut scene—Ernie's on the bus back with Lottie in her arms, and they're both listening to music on his phone. And Lottie has these cute little white headphones on, and Ernie has his black headphones on. And there's someone across the—they're on the bus, one's across from the bus, and they talk a bit. And then the guy—he sits across from comes over to his like the seat next to him and starts making a sandwich, Nutella sandwich. And they talk a bit, and then that convinces Ernie to message his wife. And he—then the guy making the Nutella sandwich gets off the bus, and he leaves his Nutella behind, and he sees him just walk into the middle of the woods with a dog. Oh, and then like that very first scene at that fight in front of the strip club or whatever—he—in front of the club, he sees that same dog. Ernie sees that same dog, and he stares at it for a while. And then okay, so then yeah, the guy with the dog walks off the bus. And then we—then he sends a text to Van in that what says, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And then he gets a call from Alfred—his last name is Miles, Alfred Miles. And then we cut scene, and Lottie's no longer there anymore, and he comes up to Alfred's car, and they're in front of the club. And Alfred and Darren are smoking a joint, and they're like jamming out to hearing Paper Boy—their song Paper Boy—being played on the radio, and they're really happy about it. And Alfred lets Earn into the car, and he offers Earn to smoke a joint too, and Earn accepts. And they're smoking, they're having fun jamming out. And then Dave comes by, and Dave says—Dave says, "How'd you get in?" He asks Ernie, "How you got in?" And Ernie's like, "I got connections." And then Earn—Ernie was like, "Tell them about the story." And Earn introduces them Dave to Alfred and Darren. He's like, "This is the guy that works at one o six point five." And then he says, "Hey Dave, tell them about the story about you at the party and DJ." And Dave awkwardly goes through the entire story again, but this time he neglects to mention that he called the DJ the N-word. And then Darren and Alfred clearly don't think that story's really funny, and Darren's actually like, "I like Flo Rida." And then Dave feels embarrassed, and he's like, "Hey Ernie, why did you make me tell the story? It's not even funny." And Ernie gets a little kick out of that. And then Dave goes inside the strip club. And then—and then while they're jamming out to the music, girl passes by the car, and Alfred cat calls that girl. And the girl's like, "Leave me alone." And then Alfred calls her a skank. And then the next thing they know, their Alfred's mirror gets smashed on one side, on the side of that Ernie is sitting on. And then Alfred—Alfred gets out of the car, wants Earn to fight, and Earn tries to stop him because they wanna make money, they shouldn't get into any fights. And it turns out the guy that smashed Alfred's car mirror was the girl that Alfred cat called—calls boyfriend. So then they're facing off against each other, and that's that first scene in the episode that we see. And yeah, then it comes full circle, and it cuts scene to Van going inside their house, and Alfred's mother's inside the house too with Lottie. And then she hands off—not Alfred's mom—Ernie's mom is inside the house with Lottie, and Ernie's mom hands Lottie off to Van. And they're—the TV's on, and then the TV switches to a scene of how there's another shooting in this county, and I forgot the name of the county. And then they say that this probably is—oh, and at the fight scene, Ernie's the one who took the gun out of the glove box in the car just in case. And then they're said that the—they're still looking for the victim, and the suspect's name is Earnest Marks. And then that's the end of the episode.