So the episode starts outside of the bar or club, and Paper Boy, who is the cousin of Earn, is sitting in the car together, and they're smoking. Someone comes by and knocks the mirror off their car, so the character who's Paper Boy gets out of the car and starts a fight with the other guy. So Earn gets out as well, and he confronts—stands with Paper Boy as they confront two other people, one other guy. And Paper Boy pulls a gun on the guy, so Earn tries to stop him and is like, "What are you doing?" And Paper Boy just keeps fighting. I think they're both high at the time, and he holds the gun against the other guy. Then Earn sees something and some people walking around the corner, and he says, "Hold on," or something along those lines. But then the screen goes black, and you hear a gunshot. Then Atlanta comes onto the screen, and it starts to play the song "Paper Boy." Then it flashes into Earn sitting—lying in bed, waking up, listening to music in his headphones. He's listening to the song "Paper Boy." Then a hand comes across and hits him in the face, and it is his girlfriend, and I think her name is Van, but it might be Princeton. She asks why he got up so early. Then he tries to kiss her, and she says her breath smells bad. Then he says he likes the smell of her breath. Then they start kissing. Then she asks Earn to tell her that she loves him—no, he loves her. And he doesn't say it at first, and he laughs. So then she asks why he laughed, and it kind of ruins the moment. And he says, "I love you," but it doesn't seem meaningful. So she's mad, and she gets up, and she goes to the bathroom and starts to do her hair. Then Earn goes in and says hi to the baby in the other room, which is their child, and her name's Lottie. He gets to take care of her tonight, and the girlfriend reminds him of that. Then she says she has parent-teacher conferences, but then she's not gonna get back until eleven o'clock, so she has a date and tells Earn that. Earn gets pretty upset. Then in the next scene, Earn drives over to his parents' house, and they don't let him inside because they think he just wants their money. He asks them from outside of the door if he can—if they can watch the baby that night. Then they yell at him for going into the house all the time because he didn't flush the toilet last time he was there. Then they agree to watch the kid, and Earn says he has some business to take care of. I'm not sure if this happened before or after, but there's a scene change to Earn at work at the airport with his friend. I think his name was Smith. They're standing in the airport talking about Paper Boy, and Earn's high at the time. There's a lady who I believe is scamming a guy at the airport about plane tickets. Then after that, or after Earn visits his parents, it goes to him saying that Paper Boy's his cousin. So when he was at the airport, his friend is like—tells him that he should use that connection to become the manager before someone else scoops him up. So then Earn goes to his cousin's place, and he opens the door, and he holds a gun out. So Earn's says like, "Oh, it's just me." Then he walks in. There's a strange friend there that Earn doesn't know, and he's holding a knife. But then Paper Boy says he's in the clear, so he offers him a cookie instead. Then Earn tries to do business with Paper Boy by convincing him to let him be the manager. They're going outside, and they're on a hill on a couch. Paper Boy's smoking, and so is his friend. Then Earn says he's not smoking because he's on business. Then they start talking about being homeless. Then for some reason, the friend starts saying that he wishes that all homeless people could talk into dead rats, which was funny. Then they—Earn keeps trying to push the business on him, but Paper Boy says that he hasn't even talked to him in years, and even after Paper Boy's mom died, he still didn't talk to him. So he essentially rejects Earn as a business partner, manager. So then Earn drives to a radio station where he seems to have a friend that works there. The friend tells him a story outside about being at the club or a party. They were hosing, and the DJ messing up, and he kept playing a song like by Flo Rida twice. He pulled him aside, and he said a disrespectful phrase within the story, and he said it out loud to Earn, and he was offended by it. So then when the worker at the radio station went inside to work, he told the custodian the story, and the custodian agreed to let him in that night or during the day. So KP is the guy that runs the company. So Earn found a way to get the money and put it inside the CD so that KP would play it. He slid it under the door, and he went off and was shown on a bus coming home with his daughter. The daughter was wearing headphones, and he was trying to get her to fall asleep. A guy was sitting across from him on the bus in a suit, and he started making a Nutella and bread sandwich and was asking what was on his mind. Earn said something along the lines of always failing, and the guy tried to give him some sort of poetic advice. Then he tried to force him to take a bite of the sandwich, and Earn was like, "What are you doing?" Then sirens went off, and the bus stopped. When Earn turned back around, the guy was gone, and just the Nutella was there. He saw him through the window walking into the woods with his dog. So then while Earn's on the bus, his daughter's asleep, and he gets a phone call. Oh, well, there's a scene where Paper Boy and his friend, I think it's Darius, goes to the parents' house and tells him that he's not sure if he wants Earn to be his manager or not. Then they talk for a little while, and the mom doesn't let Paper Boy hold Lottie, and the weird friend said something about measuring the dad's trees. Then yeah, flash forward back to him taking the—Earn taking the phone call on the bus, and he says that he can't—oh, that he can't. He says he hears the song playing "Paper Boy" and knows that it was probably due to Earn. So Paper Boy calls Earn and agrees to have him be the manager. So Earn meets him in the club or bar area outside of where the scene at the beginning was, and he gets in the car with him, and they're smoking. Paper Boy wants him to be the manager now because of the success he had at getting the song "Paper Boy" on the radio. So then the guy who was working at the music industry place came up to Earn and was asking how he got in. That KP was pissed off that he got in, but not Earn defended that, saying he obviously wasn't that angry because he's playing the song on the radio. Then he asked the guy to tell the story about the club and the DJ that played Flo Rida again, but this time he didn't say it in a disrespectful way. So I think he realized his mistake or something. Then the friend in the back commented and said he liked Flo Rida, so it was a stupid story. He left. Then they were just sitting in the car. Then Paper Boy calls out to a girl who was walking by the car and catcalls her, and I'm pretty sure it was this guy's girlfriend because then this guy comes by and kicks—hits the side window off the car. Then he's standing at the beginning—he was standing with that girl that he catcalled. So at the end scene, it just shows Paper Boy getting out of the car and approaching the guy, and the gun being in the glove compartment where Earn was sitting, and Earn telling Paper Boy to stop and that, "We can't afford to lose the money." Then it flashes to the parents' house, and the mom saying that she took Lottie for that night because Earn had some business to take care of. Then he—she gets inside, Lottie, and the news is on, and oh, there's supposed to be wine or something. The girlfriend must've just gotten back from her date, so she's going into the house, and she sees on the news there's a report of a shooting in some county, and it's in reference to the dance club or the bar that Earn and Paper Boy were outside of, and someone was dead. And the suspects on the news listed are Paper Boy and Earn, and the girlfriend just says, "Idiot." And the episode ends. One other thing that I forgot at the beginning: when they wake up, Earn is talking about a bad dream that he had where a supposed fat woman is telling him something about they're swimming together, and then all of these hands start coming and pulling Earn down. Yeah.