So the episode started with— or well, it ended. It's a circular structure which is kind of cool. Alfred, aka Paper Boy, and Earn, arguably the protagonist, main character figure, get out of the car to talk to another guy and his girlfriend, female companion, whatever. The other guy had broken the rear view mirror off of Alfred's car, and so Alfred got mad. He got out of the car and had a gun and threatened to shoot the guy. Yeah, threatened to shoot. He was saying, "I need the— I need the cash to replace the mirror," and the guy was like, "No," and he pulled a gun out. And Earn was like, "Don't do that." And the other guy was also— he revealed that he had a gun tucked below his waistband. And meanwhile, the other guy, whose name I forget, but he seemed high pretty much all the time, was talking about a dog, the fact that there was this dog on the corner and how that signified something. And then Alfred somehow had another gun, or maybe— maybe Earn didn't take it away, maybe he had another one, not sure. He— yeah, we found out at the end of the episode anyway that he was looking at one in the— another one in the dashboard, unclear if he took that one or not, but it looks at the end of that initial scene it looks like Alfred had shot the other guy. And then it looks like we flash back in the episode where Earn was lying in bed with Lan— is that her name?— and he was listening to music. And she took off the— his headphones on one ear and was like, "Why are you up?" And he said that he had a weird dream where he was swimming in a pool that was actually an ocean, or an ocean that was actually a pool, and there was seaweed but it was actually hands. And there was a girl who said if he let the— he had to swim above the seaweed because otherwise the hands would catch him and he would drown. And he— he was gonna talk about how he thought it represented society, but she was only concerned by the fact that there was another girl in the dream. So she's like, "Who's this other girl?" And he immediately said that she was fat and uninteresting. And then she's like, "It's interesting that you say that because if you said that she's fat and uninteresting and then you said that you went and made out with her." And then he's like, "I didn't say that I went and made out with her." And she said, "Well, but you did, though, right?" And he said, "Yeah, I did." And she said, "I know you too well." And they started kissing, and it seemed like they were really close and definitely romantically involved. But then she told him to tell her that he loved her, and he laughed a little bit and went back to kissing her. But she pulled back and she was like, "Like, why didn't you say that you love me?" And he was like, "Well, you— like, you always tell me to do this and like, I always like say like, 'Of course I do.'" And she was like, "Well, why didn't you just say it?" And then he just doesn't respond. And she gets up and walks away to do her hair in the— in the bathroom mirror. And Earn sits on the bed for a second, and he gets up and he walks over, and it looks for a second like he's gonna walk towards her, but then he goes into another room to pick up a baby. And he's like, "Oh, like, looks like she's up and she's gonna kill us all with her cuteness." And then he picks her up. This is a small child, she's maybe two, one and a half, two— out of her, maybe I don't know, out of her crib. And then Lan is like, "You remember you have Lottie? I think that's the girl's name, child's name. Remember you have Lottie tonight." And he says yes aloud, but then to the baby he's like, "No, I did not." He mouths it. And then Lan says something like, "Well, make sure that she's here. Like, she lives here. I don't wanna find her at your parents' house." And he's like, "No, you won't." And then she's like, "Okay." And oh, she has parent-teacher conferences. And he asks what time she's gonna get home, and she says eleven. And he says, "Eleven? Like, that's kind of late. Why are you taking—?" And he's joking. He's like, "Are you gonna take these parents out for like, I don't know, something?" And then she's like, "No, I have a date." And then which is very surprising as an audience viewer, cause like they're clearly— I mean, this is it's been clear that this is their child and they like, it looks like they live together, I mean he spent the night there, but then she's— she has a date with another guy. And then she leaves, and he's talking to the baby. She's like, "Oh, well, you're gonna hang out with daddy tonight cause mom's got a date." And then he holds the kid up to his ear and he's like, "Oh, what? No, this is a good environment for you." Like, obviously sarcastic, worried about perhaps the effect that this environment will have on his kid, like maybe schemed out himself. Oh, and before that, she asked him when he's— when he's initially in the other room with the— with the kid and the crib, excuse me. She's like, "If you're gonna keep staying here, I need you to pay rent or I need your help with rent." And he says, "Okay, by when?" And she says that night, and he says, "Okay." And then they have the conversation about the date. And then cut scene to the airport. It looked like where he is dressed, and he, being Earn, is dressed in a suit and is standing with another guy dressed in a suit. And they are— looks, I mean they're standing near signs that have credit card information on them, so it looks like they're trying to sell these credit cards. And he goes up, he goes up to a white guy, and he's like, "Oh, like, are you interested in like—?" And the guy immediately cuts him off. He's like, he says something rude like, "Fuck you," or something. He says something really rude. And the guy was like— and Earn was like, "Okay," and he backs off. And then his associate is like, "Oh, that was rude." He was like, he was kind of out of it. Earn's kind of out of it. And his guy, like the— his associate is like, takes a picture of him and is like, "Haha, this is what it looks like when you're high at work." And then Earn was like, "No, it's Lan. She's seeing other people. She wants me to pay rent." He's sort of like divulging a little bit. And he can't sell credit cards because he's not an old lady. And it pans across the way, and there's this old black woman selling to like a young— like a young white guy. And he's— she's like obviously being successful with the sale, is like schmoozing him a little bit. I think she says something like, "Well, you can have as many something or others as you want as long as you keep flirting with me like that." And then the guy that she's selling to starts signing, and she makes eye contact with Earn and his buddy across the way, and she starts making really inappropriate motions toward behind the white guy's back when as he's signing this thing. And they're like, "Yeah, that's fucked up." And then the— the other guy's like, "Yeah, no, I'd watch." And then Earn is like, "Yeah, that's even more fucked up." And then oh, and then Earn's associate is like, "Oh, like, have you seen this new track? Paper Boy like dropped a new track." And then Earn looked at the thing is like, "That's my cousin." And at this point it still isn't super clear whether the initial scene was a flashback or not, but like how— like not, I don't know, I would've thought that he'd have been a little more phased if he just saw the— if he'd just seen this guy shoot somebody, but he looked like genuinely surprised. And his friend like misunderstood and said like, "Oh, like the girl, like she's really thick. Like, duh, duh, duh." And he's like, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." And then the guy suggests like, "Oh, you should get in on this before it like goes up too far." And Earn seems to think about it, and then he leaves. And the other guy was like, "Yo, like, is that girl really your cousin? Like, you don't really know Paper Boy. Haha." And then the scene cuts. And then Earn is walking through a parking lot and sees this white guy, and like they clearly know each other. The guy, like the white guy, is carrying a bunch of like, I don't remember what the white guy's name is, but he's carrying like a bunch of Starbucks coffees or something. And he asked Earn if he just came out of the dumpster. And he's like, "No, how are you?" And just moves on. And then he starts at one point, I think next he's like, "Oh, like, yeah, yeah, yeah." He's like the guy's like, "Oh, like, I didn't know you were in town." Earn's like, "Yeah, like, I've been like low-key." And the guy was like, "Oh, like, well, like, of course if I knew you were, I would've like invited you to this party last night." And then he was like— and then Earn was like, "Oh, really? What happened?" And he was like, "Like, this guy, like the DJ, was terrible. Like, he couldn't spin for shit. Like, was playing all these tracks and like they sucked." And then he started playing Flo Rida over and over and over. And then the white guy said that he pulled this guy over, and he was like, he— he said that he calmly pulled this guy aside and was like, "Yo, like, what's up?" And then he said like, "N-word," really. And like my eyebrows shot up a little bit. And and then like you could tell that the other guy, like Earn, felt like was also surprised by his use of this word and like sort of like nodded and was like, "Okay," and sort of like moved on. And he was trying to ask him to play Paper Boy's— oh, I totally forgot about that scene. Okay, before this scene, before this scene, wow, I like missed a lot actually. Okay, Earn goes to his parents' house right after this. Is after the airport, Earn goes to his parents' house and like knocks on the door. And his dad like opens it a little bit but like has his arm across the doorway, so he's like clearly not invited in. And Earn is like talking to his dad like, "How are you?" And his dad's like, "Good, how are you?" And then Earn was like, "Good." And then his dad said, "Good," and like seemed like pretty dismissive. And then Earn was like, "Are you going to invite me in?" And his dad said, "I can't afford it." And Earn said, "I'm not asking for money." And at some point asked, "Oh, where's mom?" And there was this woman bustling around the kitchen, and she's just like making commentary throughout, sort of like funny, sarcastic. Like, it's clear that he might've been here before asking for money. And he said like, "I just got a job," whatever. He's also wearing different clothes at this point, so at the airport he'd been wearing like a suit, and now he's wearing a tee shirt and a backpack and like looks a lot more casual. And oh yeah, at the beginning— this is sorry, this is really out of order—but at the beginning when he's waking up, he's also sweating, which I thought was kind of weird, but maybe it's just the Atlanta heat, I'm not really sure. And between the initial shooting scene and the scene where he's waking up, there's like a lot of sky, like birds eye view of what the— like a cityscape, I'm assuming it was Atlanta. And then it had the cover title, title Atlanta, and the font was really interesting. It had scrolls on the A's on opposite sides, it was very symmetrical and pleasing and bolded. Anyway, so after the airport he goes to talk to his parents. His dad doesn't invite him in, duh, duh, duh. He asks where his mom is, and then he's like, "I'm not asking for money. I just need to know where Alfred is." His cousin, where Alfred is. And where he asks for something else, but I don't remember what it was. I don't remember. "I just need to know where Alfred is." And then his dad's like, he was talking about the fact, the fact that he found some evidence in his toilet that he had been there previously. And he said like, "Aren't— like, you aren't you supposed to be smart? Like, you didn't even flush." And Earn denies it. He's like, "That wasn't me." And his mom said like, "Yeah, it was. Like, I went through it. You should stop eating so much candy and start eating real food." And he asks like, "Did you pick it apart with a stick," whatever. And then his dad was like, "Okay, Alfred's at like some hotel, I think, or something apartment." And then like basically dismisses him. And Earn's like, "Okay, bye," and walks away. And then he goes to see Alfred at his place. And like when he opens the door, he's immediately greeted— greeted with a gun in his face. And it's like, "Yo, this peep hole's for real." And then he goes in, and this other guy whose name I can't remember, I think it starts with a D, is holding a knife and a plate of cookies and has like a mask over his face. And then as soon as Alfred says like, "This guy is okay," or whatever, he puts the knife down and offers him a cookie. And they like sit on the couch. And Earn's like, it eventually gets to the point like, "I want to be your manager." Oh no, like immediately Alfred's like, "You want in on Paper Boy?" And Earn's like, "What?" And Alfred's like, "No, like, don't jerk around. Like, I know this is what you want." And then he's like, "No, I'm not asking for a handout. I want to be your manager. Like, your manager." And he's offering these different reasons of why he should be his manager, something about like he knows the business. They at some point they— oh, this other guy says like, "It's four thirty." And then Alfred's like, "Oh no, we're late." And then they go out on this couch outside and they start smoking weed. And Alfred offers Earn a hit, and Earn says no. And Alfred says, "Since when?" And Earn says, "I'm doing business now." And they start keep talking. And he's like, "I know the industry. I know that you are like a little older and that you're not white and that you're not selling sex." And then Alfred's like, "No, I am selling sex." And then he tells the other guy to go with plan B. And then he starts like talking about a massage and like sex, and it was pretty simple lyrics. And then he's like, "You know, this is the concept." And Earn's like, "Yeah, I think I got the concept." And he's— he's still like, "Look, let me be your manager. Let me be your manager." And then they start walking away. And Alfred's like, "Yo, I— like, I haven't seen you since my mom— like, I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral. The first thing you say is, 'Let's get rich.'" And tells him to walk away. And it looks like Earn sort of sees that he's not gonna get anywhere and goes away, leaves. And then what happened next? Oh, and then it cuts to the scene where he's walking through the parking lot and the guy's like, "Did you just come out of that dumpster?" And he's like, "No." And then he tells the story and the white guy tells the story and uses the n-word, and he's like, "Okay." And then he— and then Earn's like, "Can you like get him to play this tape?" And the guy's like, "No, you like, you need like five hundred dollars, half a stack." And he's like, "Five hundred dollars?" And the guy's like, "Yeah." He's like at this point he's like sort of like breezy, but the white guy's sort of like breezy, like not super. He's walking towards the building and not obviously not like helping him out. And then Earn's like, "Okay, what's in this for you? Like, how much of a cut are you gonna take?" And the guy's like, "No, no, it's just business. Like, you give the money to me, I give it to KP." And it's— I'm trying to remember if anything else happened during that conversation. Yeah, I don't think I can remember. So so this the white guy goes into the building. And then Earn runs into a— a black janitor. And he goes up to him and he's like, "Have you ever— has he ever used the n-word around you?" And the guy's like, "No, I'd shove my foot up his ass," or something like that. And Earn like kind of nods and goes up and says like, "Hey, what's your name?" And they shook hands, and the guy said Prince is his name, and he has the word Prince printed on his like janitor's uniform. And then Earn asked how late he's working there tonight. And then it cuts to a scene, and it's let's see, it's Alfred and this other guy again driving up to Earn's house to talk to Earn's parents. And you can see that Lottie, Earn's son— Earn's daughter, Earn's daughter is there playing with Earn's mom, or maybe they're actually— it'd make more sense cause we see later that I think that might've been Earn's house actually, or like Lan's house that his parents were at, Lan's house, cause they were looking for— I don't know actually, cause you see you see that Lottie's at Lan's house later, so that might've been that might've been Earn's house anyway. It was a house that Alfred needed to find either his parents or him at. Yeah, and Lottie's there anyway. So he's like, "I'm looking for Earn." Or no, no, no, he was looking for— I don't know, Alfred like starts talking to Earn's dad. And he was like, he asked me to do this management position. And Earn's dad is like, "Really?" And he's like, "Yeah." And then they start, they start talking about Princeton, maybe something Earn had something going on about Princeton. And his dad's like, "No, like, he's more likely to tell you about that than than me." He's like, "Okay." And then what happens? They're talking, and I think it's a voiceover at this point, but you see— no, maybe it was the scene before, somewhere in there you have Earn. Yeah, you have Earn like getting money from the inside of a shoe in a shoebox, and it's like rubber banded up. And he puts it on a copy of what I assume or yeah, what you have to assume is Paper Boy on a CD, and puts that in an envelope. And he walks into the— walks into the studio and like waves to the white guy who's like on the radio and slides it under KP's door. And then that's what you see. And and and then what? Oh yeah, then in the voiceover slash in the scene where they're talking, his dad's like, "Yeah, he does like what he wants in the way that he wants. So when— when whenever he wants something, he does it in in his way." And so he like kinda nods. And then Earn is doing something else. What is Earn doing? Oh, Earn is on the train with his daughter. Yeah, Earn is on the train with his daughter. And he has a pair of headphones on, and she has like this little pair of headphones on that has like a bow on it. And she's sleeping in his arms. And there's this guy, another black guy across the way. He was wearing like a suit and says, I don't remember what he says. He said something weird. And then he crossed and sat next to Earn and his daughter and pulled out a jar of Nutella and starts like and two pieces of bread and starts putting Nutella on the bread, which was weird. And starts giving Earn advice about— oh, Earn's like, "Like, are there are there some people in this world that are just like meant to lose? Like, like is it is it just their job to make the winners' job, the winners' lives easier? Like, seriously though." And the other guy with the Nutella is like, "Resistance is a sign of the way things are, not necessarily the way things should be. Like, let the river push you around," or something like that. And Earn was like, "Yeah, thanks, but that's not how I'm gonna go. But thanks for the advice." And the guy's like, "Eat this sandwich," holding up the the Nutella sandwich. And Earn's like, "Nah, I'm good." And the guy's like, "If you don't eat this sandwich," and like it sounds like he's gonna threaten him. But then a police siren goes by, and this guy is just like— like the camera like zooms back out. A police siren goes by, like, and it zooms into Earn's face like watching it go by. And when it zooms back out, the guy's gone. The Nutella jar is still there with the knife, like the butter knife. And then it shows him like running off the side of the road with the dog that we saw at the beginning. And like, yeah, that was really it. And then what's his— Earn takes the headphones off his daughter and is gonna text Lan, "I love you. Can we talk tonight?" But is like hesitating to press send. And then Alfred starts calling just as he's about to press it. And he says yes, and he he picks up the call and holds it up to his ear. And Alfred's like, "Yo, listen to this song that's playing." And Earn's like, "I can't hear it." And Alfred's like, "Yo, turn it up." And his friend like turns it up, and it's the friend whose name I can't remember turns it up, and it's Paper Boy playing. And Alfred's like, "Yo, like, that was quick." Doesn't mention the fact that he's responsible for the fact that it's playing. He's like, "Yeah, that was quick." And Alfred's like, "Yeah, like, come over here right quick. Like, we need to talk." And like everyone's like kinda smiling about it, like it's a good sign. And then cuts to the next scene. His daughter is gone. I don't know, he doesn't have his daughter. And he's walking across the parking lot to the scene we saw at the beginning, like the drugstore we saw at the beginning. And he gets in the car. And this time when Alfred offers him a joint, he accepts. And he takes two hits, and they're just like kinda smiling and like, "Yeah." And then the white guy's there from the studio, and he like calls him over. And you know, his finger is over the side of the door, the door's open, his finger is over the side of the door, his right— his finger is over the side of the door, the other one is resting on the window. And so he's like, I don't know, something like, I don't remember who talked first or what they said. It's something along the lines of the song is playing, look, they played the song. And he— this other guy is like, "KP's really pissed." And then he said like, obviously like not that much, cause the song is playing right now, like he's playing the song on the radio. And the white guy doesn't really have anything to say to that. And then something about somehow his taste came up, and Earn's like, "Yeah, this guy has really good taste." And he starts smiling a lot, like really good taste, like to a fault. Like, "Yeah, like, why don't you tell them the story of the Flo Rida thing?" And I'm guessing, I'm guessing he was trying to get him to say the n-word just so like these other guys would like teach him a lesson, slash he'd have a chance to teach him a lesson a little bit, not really sure. And so like he tells the Flo Rida story, you know, like the same thing, you know, like, "I was at this party and the— didn't tell it as good as well as he did the first time, like not that it was a good story in the first place, but you could tell like he was a little shaky." And he's like, "Yeah, I was at this party and he sucked and the guy started playing Flo Rida over and over again." And like the camera goes back to their faces, and none of them are like surprised or shocked or anything at all. They're just like, "Okay." And then he like the— the story finished about like him going over and pulling this guy aside and saying, "Really." And then there was like this pause where he didn't say the n-word, and they're all just kinda like staring at him. And then the— the guy in the back seat, so so Alfred's in the driver's seat, Earn's in the passenger's seat which is where this other guy is leaning against, and then the other guy is in the passenger seat, the passenger side back seat. So the other guy's like, "Oh, like, I really like Flo Rida." And then the white guy's like, "Yeah, it's like kind of a lame story. I don't know why you like made me tell it." And then Earn's like, "Yeah," and like clearly like pissed off and is like smiling too much, whatever. And then the white guy leaves. I don't remember how they left it, but something about like, "Tell KP I say hey," something like that, like really obnoxious, like rubbing it in his face. He's clearly like really pissed off at this guy Earn is anyway. And then and then someone comes up and kicks the rear view mirror off. And then Alfred like gets out. And then Earn stops him, and Alfred's like, "No, no, no." And then he gets out, and Earn pushes the button on the dashboard and like finds a gun and gets out. And they start like walking over, and Alfred's like, "I need money for the mirror," or whatever. And then it cuts. And then it's like that's the reveal that like the— the thing that happens at the beginning really happened at the end. And this is everything that came before that. And then it cuts to Lan getting home, and Earn's mom saying like, "You're out of wine." And Lan's like, "The bottle." And then they— she— Earn's mom leaves. Oh, like she says, "Lottie's in her crib. You're out of wine." And the news is on. And Lan walks past it, and she's like very dressed up, like wearing lots of jewelry and a dress, and looks like definitely looks like she was just on a date. Walks by the TV and it's something irrelevant, but then it switches to the fact that there was a shooting in some county. And Lan goes back. Earn's name. They— they say Earn's name and they announce Earn's name as Paper Boy's manager, which is inconvenient just because they have a closer tie than I guess— I don't know, I thought that was a change. And says something like, I don't remember if they said who shot him and who was just an associate or just like there. I don't know, I don't remember like how much Earn himself was implicated in the shooting or if he was just like a bystander, associate, or whatever the term would be, but clearly involved. Like his picture, the two picture on the screen are Alfred's and Earn's, and it's like this old like high school yearbook photo, whereas Paper Boy's is like like a rapper, rapper picture. And says something something about like wounded, something something still being investigated. And Lan just Lan says, "Idiot." And then it cuts. Yeah, that's everything.