So the episode began with Earn, Alfred, and Darius running out of the car. And they were running to this guy because, it didn't show it at the time, but he had a broken car mirror. So he was—Alfred was asking money for it. And then Earn was trying to tell him to stop. And then Darius was really high, so he was kinda looking around, and he saw a dog and was watching the dog. And then there was the guy who had broken the mirror, also had a girl, and the girl recognized Alfred as Paper Boy. And then the guy who had broken the mirror was—pretended to recognize him, but also just trashed his music. And then Alfred got angry because of that, or Alfred got angry because he wasn't getting money and was trashing his name, so he pulled out a gun. And then Earn also had a gun on him. And then Darius also had a gun on him and was saying that his guys are nearby, so he should just—so Alfred should stop. But Alfred still cocked the gun and put it to his chest. And then they were looking at each other, and then it blacked out, and you heard a gun shot. And then it was the theme song of the episode. And then it went to Earn—I think it went to Earn waking up next to a girl. And they had a weird dynamic because she asked—they started kissing, and then she asked him to say that she—he loves her, but he kinda laughed. And then she confronted him about it. But then—oh, and also he had a—he was telling her about a dream about some girl that he was—she was swimming with. And then the girl—I forget her name—she asked what she looked like. And Earn was saying that she was fat and not interesting, and then also said that he made out with her. And then after that was when she—they started kissing. And he had to—or she wanted him to say that "I love you." And then she got—you could tell that she got a little upset. And she got up to go to the bathroom. And he was asking her to—oh, she was asking him to pay rent since he was staying there. And then yeah, so she was asking rent, she asking for rent, and he was okay. And so at that point you could tell that Earn was broke. So then he—so then it—what I remember next is that he goes to his job selling credit cards. And this guy says "Fuck off" when he was trying to sell him something. And then they—then they took—he and his coworker are talking about selling things, and Earn needs to make money. And he talks about how he's not an older black woman. And then you can see they look at—are watching over this other coworker who's also—or who's an older black woman. And she's selling the card to this young white boy, and then pretends to grind on him. And then it goes back to Earn and his friend, and they're talking about—or his friend talks about Paper Boy and has him listen to the song. But the song—or he's watching the video of the song and realizes that it's his cousin Alfred. And then Alfred—or oh, then his friend who's showing him the video thinks that Earn's cousin is the girl in the video, but it's actually the rapper himself. And then so he needs to go find him, or he—his friend recommends he should go get in on the business before it gets big because he really needs money. And so he goes to his parents' house to find out where Alfred is. And when he tries to go in, his parents—they have a dialogue. And his parents won't invite him in because they say that he—it'll cost them too much. And they talk about how he took—he pooped in their bathroom. And then they also talk—and then they give where Alfred is, and he goes on his way. And then he goes to—it cuts to the apartment where Alfred is with his friend Darius. And Darius is wearing this apron and asks Alfred if the milk is good to drink. And Alfred says, "No." And then they go to—or Earn knocks on the door. And then Alfred goes to the door and opens it and pulls a gun out, and then recognizes Earn. And then he eventually lets him in. And then Darius is waiting behind the wall with cookies and a knife. But then Alfred introduces Darius on the way in, so he doesn't hurt him. And then so he's talking about how he wants to be a manager for Alfred, for Paper Boy. But Alfred is not about it because he knows that Earn is broke, and he calls him not a man, so he can't be a manager. And then also Earn—well at—he asks, "Do you know where the word manager comes from?" And then Earn's like, "Oh, from the root manus, which means hand." But then Earn says—or Alfred says, "Yes, but I'm gonna—" or he's like, "Maybe, but for my purposes I'm gonna say no." And says he's not a man. And then after that I think they say that, "Oh, we're late for something." And then they just go outside and start smoking on a couch. And then Earn keeps telling Alfred, "I'm not here for the money, I wanna manage you." And he thinks that Darius is his manager. But Alfred gets upset, and he's like, "You haven't talked to me since my mom's funeral, and the first thing you said when you get here is 'Let's get rich.'" And so he leaves. And then it goes to Earn trying to—or Earn finding his old supposedly friend, who's this white guy who works at a radio station. And Earn asks for him for his help, or he casually brings in the conversation. Or first the friend—I think his name's Dave—he talks about the story where he was at a party for the station. And they were—this DJ was killing the mood 'cause he played Flo Rida twice. So he pulled him aside and said, "Oh," he told him not to do that. And then he also said—he referred to the DJ as the n-word. And Earn was like, "Did you really call him that?" And he was like, "Yeah." And so after that Earn casually brings up Paper Boy and asks if he can get him to play the song on the radio. And then Dave was like, "No, you gotta go through—" I think they called him KP, he's Kyle something. I guess he's the boss at the radio station. And then so Dave tells him that KP needs or wants five hundred dollars, half a stack, to play the song on the radio. And so Dave tries to get the money from Earn, but Earn's like, "I only get paid five fifteen an hour, and I need to pay rent by tonight." And he's saying all these things. And then Dave—it sounded like Dave was gonna take a cut of the money. And so he ends up not helping him out. And then as Dave's walking in, he runs—or people are coming out of the radio station building. Another thing earlier that I forgot to mention was that he didn't know that Earn was in town, and Earn was being low-key. And so later on when he's walking, Dave is walking into the building, these, I think, three guys come out. And he acts all friendly with them and shakes their hand. And then Earn spots a custodian who's black and talks to him, and asks if Dave had called him the n-word. And then he was like, he'd bust his foot in his ass, or something like that. And Earn asked how late he's there. And then—or first he said his name is Prince. And then he—and then Earn asked how late he was there. And then I think after that it goes to Alfred and Darius going to Earn's parents' place and seeing—. He says hi to the—he wants to say hi to his niece. But the grandma won't let him hold the niece because they're smoking in the car and doesn't want her to get high. And then Darius is really high and asks Earn's dad if he can measure his tree. And he gets upset when he says not right now. And then they talk about how Earn gets things done when he wants them, and he does things on his own terms. And then it goes to Earn. He pulls out a wad of money that he had been saving in his Jordans. And then he puts it with the CD of Paper Boy and brings it to the janitor. Prince lets him—Earn—into the radio station building. And then he sees Dave working in the recording studio or mixing something. And then he shows him a CD and is smiling at him, kinda confused, but then thinking that he's gonna go to him to give him the money. But he ends up—Earn ends up going directly to Kyle's office and putting the CD with the money under the door. And then it goes to after that Earn is on the—I wanna say he's on the train, or he's on a bus with his daughter because his girl—the daughter's mother—is on a date with another guy. And so he goes to—oh, he's sitting on the bus and is just sitting there, and talks about how—or this guy sitting across from him who looks kinda mysterious. He starts talking to him and can tell that he's upset about something. And then Earn talks about how people are people put into the world and made losers so that other people can feel good about themselves. And then the guy is making a sandwich at the same time with Nutella. And then tells him to bite the sandwich, and then Earn's confused. And then the siren goes off, or a police siren goes off. And then all of a sudden Earn watches the siren and turns, and the guy was gone. And then he sees him through the window walking into the bushes with a dog, which was—which appeared to be the dog also from the beginning of the episode that Darius saw. And so he's confused. And then Earn is—pulls the headphones off his daughter. And then she—or then he is looking at his phone, and he was gonna text the girl, his daughter's mother—I forget her name. He was gonna text the daughter's mother that he loves her and wants to talk to her. But then he gets a phone call from Alfred, who is—he sounds excited. And you can hear the—you can hear Paper Boy playing in the background. And then Paper—he asks if he wants to talk. And then Alfred—or Earn says, "Oh, that was quick," and they say that they wanna go talk. And so they—Earn goes and meets up with them in a car. Then so he meets up with him in a car, and earlier he didn't wanna smoke cause he says he wanted to talk and do business. But then now that Earn wanted him and they were gonna talk about that, he smoked a joint with him. And then so they're sitting in the car. And then the song was playing on the radio, and Dave comes by. And Dave—the white guy from the radio station—comes by and recognizes him and says, "Hi." And he's like, "Oh—" and then Earn's like, "Oh, this is the guy that works at the radio station." And he's like, "Oh, you should tell that story about the DJ." And then he talks about the story about how the guy played Flo Rida twice in a row, but then left out the part where he referred to the DJ as the n-word. And then they're making fun of him, and then Darius is like, "I like Flo Rida." And then he—and then Dave is like, "Oh, I don't know why he made me share that story." And then after that, so they're sitting in the car, and Earn's like, "Oh, this is a good song." But Alfred's like, "No, this isn't." Or he's like, "I don't even like this song." And then a girl walks by who Alfred catcalls, and is like, "Oh, this is me on the radio" and stuff. And then they say—I think after that is when I think he said, "You—oh, I don't even like this song." And then after that they're sitting in the car, and then the guy—or a guy comes and kicks off Alfred's side view mirror on the car. And then Alfred gets upset. And then it catches up to where they were at the beginning of the episode, where Alfred's confronting this guy to pay for the damage he did to his car. And then they—he runs after him. And then after that it cuts to the mom who is babysitting is leaving Earn's daughter's mother's house. And then the daughter's mother comes back from her date—I'll address that. And then the news is playing. And then on the news it says that Paper Boy and Earn—there was a shooting. And then she's like—she calls him an idiot. And then cuts to the end of the episode. Some other things I recall: the guy who was mysterious was—had droopy eyes and was wearing a beige suit. And that's all I remember.