So the episode started with—it was Alfred, Earn, and Darius in the car. And then Alfred ran out to this other guy and girl who had supposedly broken his car mirror off. And so Alfred wanted him to pay money for that, and then things were getting heated. And I remember Darius saw a dog. The dog was kinda just sitting on the side, and then Darius noticed it and he was really high. And then after that, Alfred pulled a gun because a guy wasn't cooperating. And then the guy was like, "Oh, my guys are over there, go ahead." And he still cocked the gun. And then Earn was trying to get him to stop, but then also pulled out his gun after Alfred pulled out his gun to try to get him to stop. And then it blacked out, and it went to—there was a gunshot, and then it went to the title song. And then after that, it went to Earn waking up in his bed next to this woman who—they woke up next to each other. And he said he had a dream about this woman that was swimming or something. And she asked if they made out. And he was like—or she asked if they were fat, and he was like, "Yeah, and not interesting." And then he said that they made out and stuff. And then he and the woman—I still can't remember her name—they were—they started kissing. And she said to say, "I love you," to her, but he couldn't. He laughed, and she got a little upset about that. And then they showed that they have a daughter together. And then the daughter—he—the woman asked him to pay rent 'cause he's gonna live—he's kinda living there. And he's like, "Okay, I can get it by tonight." And then the woman says that she's going on a date later that day. And then after that, I think it goes to Earn going to work. He and his coworker are selling credit cards at some shopping center or airport or something. And then they're talking, and they're saying how he can't—they can't sell that much because, well. First a customer's walking by. He's like, "Sir, are you interested in blah blah blah?" And then the guy was like, "Fuck off." And then they started talking, and Earn was saying he can't sell anything 'cause he's not an old black woman. And then they show the black woman selling whatever they were selling to this white kid. And she was flipping them off and grinding on him to show off to them. And then his coworker brings up Paper Boy, who is this up-and-coming rapper who has a new single out, and it's circulating throughout the community. And then Alfred—or, he realizes that it was his cousin, but it's actually—he realizes that Paper Boy is his cousin. And then his friend, or his coworker slash friend, thinks that it is the girl in the video is his cousin, but it's not. Actually, he meant clarify that it was Paper Boy. And then his coworker was saying how he should get in on that before Paper Boy blows up because Earn is broke and doesn't have any money. And then after that—sorry, not Paper Boy's, Earn's broke. And then it goes to—so he's like, "Okay, I'll do that." And then it goes to his parents' house. And he walks up to it, and they see him. And they don't let him in because they say it'll cost them too much if he goes in. And then he asks where Alfred is, and then they tell him where he is. And they also talked about how someone pooped in their toilet, and they think it was Earn. They had some commentary about that. And yeah, they just said it was too expensive for them to let him in the house. And so once he gets information about Alfred, he goes to find him. And it cuts to Alfred sitting on a couch or something. And then Darius asks about if milk is—how long is the milk good to drink or something like that. And then they were like, "Okay." Or he was—so they're sitting on the couch. And then after that, Earn knocks on the door, and Alfred opens the door with a gun. And then Darius hides behind the corner of the wall and has a knife and this tray of cookies. And he has the tray of cookies, but then they let Earn in. And Earn introduces—They let Earn in and Alfred introduces Earn to Darius. And then they're—he's talking about how he wants to help manage him. And then Alfred's like, "Hell no, you're not a man anymore." He's like, "Do you know what a manager does?" And then Earn was like, "Oh, it has to do with the root word 'man' which means hand." And Alfred's like, "Probably, but for my purposes, I'm gonna say no." 'Cause he's saying that Earn's not a man, and he's broke. And then he's trying—Earn's trying to convince them what he's saying, what he wants to do for him. And then they're talking, and Alfred's like, "Oh, we're late," and they go. It cuts to them sitting on a couch outside. And Earn thinks that he can be helpful. And then Alfred was like, "You didn't even come to—the last time I saw you was at my mom's funeral, and the first thing you say when you see me is 'Let's get rich.'" And they're smoking cigars, cigarettes, or something like that, or maybe weed, I don't know. And he thought that—Earn thought at one point that he was saying Darius was his manager. But he was just really high on the side and wasn't really doing anything. And then after that, Earn leaves, and he goes to his old radio station that he works at and runs into his friend, I think his name is Dave. Dave, this white guy who works at the radio station, Dave, he's tryna—or Dave gives this story about how he was at the club, and then this DJ played two Flo Rida songs in a row. But then he was like—he played two Flo Rida songs in a row, and he was like, "I pulled him aside." And he was like—he called him the n-word and was like, "Come on, be better." And then it was like, "Did you really say that?" And he was like, "Yeah." And then after that, he tries to get—oh, he tries to ask if he knew about Paper Boy. And he's like, "Yeah." And he's like, "Oh, how can I get a song to play on the radio station?" And he's like, "Oh, you gotta go through KP. He charges five hundred dollars to do that." And he's like, "I don't have that money." And then he's like, "Oh, you can give me the money, I'll give it to him." And Earn's kinda skeptical about that and won't do it. And then I don't really—Earn, Kyle was like—or not Kyle, Dave was like, "Oh, you don't—I didn't even know you were in town." And Earn was like, "Oh, I'm just keeping low-key." And after all that happened, he goes back—Dave goes into the radio station. Dave goes into the radio station, and he sees these four guys, and he shakes their hand as they're walking in and out. And then it cuts to this—or it doesn't cut to, there's this custodian who's walking past. And Earn goes up to him and is like, "Hey, do you know that guy?" He's like, "No." He's like, "Have you ever called him—has he ever called you the n-word?" And he was like, "No, I'd put his foot in his ass," or something like that. And the custodian's name is Prince. And then how late is Prince in the—how late does Prince work? And then it goes to Alfred and Darius going to Earn's parents' place, and they're saying hi. And first they—or Alfred wants to hug his niece who's Earn's daughter. But then the grandma's like, "No," because they were smoking a bunch of weed and they were really high. And then they asked—or he tells them about how Earn wants to be involved with—oh, first Darius is like, "Can I measure your tree?" to Earn's dad. But then he's like, "No, not right now." And he's like, "Oh, that just means no." And then after that, they bring up how Earn wants to work with him, with Paper Boy. And he's like—they were saying how Earn gets things done and does things when he wants them to. And then after that, it kind of it goes to Earn. He goes back to the radio station and walks in when it's later at night. Oh, firstly, it shows him getting money from his Air Jordans. And then it goes to him entering the radio station at night because Prince lets him in. And then after that, he sees Dave in the recording studio. And Earn pulls out the money and the CD of Paper Boy. And then he—Dave thinks he's gonna give him the money, but Earn goes straight to KP—Kyle's office, and tries to give him—or he slides the CD and the money under his door. And then after that, it goes to Earn is sitting on the bus with his daughter who's sleeping. And she has these little headphones with a crown on them. And he's sitting there and thinking about—or he's sitting there, and there's this guy sitting across from him who's—he has this suede jacket, this brown beige trench coat, not suede. And he's talking to him and saying, "Are people made to be losers so they can make everyone else feel good in the world?" And then after that, the guy and him talk about that, and the guy starts making this Nutella sandwich next to him. And he's like, "Take a bite of the sandwich." And then Earn is like, "I'm good." And then you hear a police siren outside the bus, and Earn turns, and the bus stops. And by the time he turns back, the guy with the sandwich is gone. And he looks out the window, and then the guy is walking into the bushes with this dog who is also the same dog that you saw earlier in the beginning of the episode, and he's kinda confused. And then he gets this phone call from Alfred because Paper Boy's song is playing on the radio. And he's like, "Hey, you gotta listen to this," like, "Hey, do you wanna meet up?" He's like, "Do you wanna meet up?" And then he's like, "Yeah," 'cause they wanna—he wants him to get involved 'cause he actually did something. And then after that, it goes to them sitting in the car—or Earn meets with Alfred, and they go to the car. They go to the car, and they—Earn smokes a joint. They weren't—he didn't smoke earlier 'cause he was like, "I wanna do business," or something like that. But then it's more relaxed 'cause he gave him the job, so they smoke together. And then he and Darius and Alfred are in the car, and they see Dave come up, and he's like, "Oh, hey." They're like, "Hey, dude," and Dave was like, "Oh, why did you give the song to Kyle?" He's like, "Why did you give the song? Kyle's like—he really didn't like that." But then the Paper Boy was playing the radio, so it's like, "Oh, it seemed like he liked it 'cause it's here." And he's like, "Oh, tell that story about Flo Rida." And then he tells it, like this really watered-down version of it. And he leaves out the part where he's like, "Oh," in front of this guy, "the n-word." And he's—and then Earn is making fun of him about that, not making fun of him just really. And then so he leaves, and they're smoking. Oh, there's a girl that walks past, and Alfred catcalls her; she walks away. And they're sitting in the car, and all of a sudden, this guy comes and smashes the rear view—or not the rear view, the side view mirror off of the car. And Alfred gets out and is really mad. And it goes to where it was in the beginning of the episode, where this guy—Alfred's confronting this guy for breaking his mirror. And then he talks about the woman. He's like, "You gotta pay money, give me money for this." And then the woman recognizes him as Paper Boy, and he's like, "Yeah, that's me." And the guy starts trash talking him, and then starts trash talking him. And then he, I guess, sees the dog and stuff. And then after the gunshot, it goes to the grandma had been babysitting at Earn's girlfriend's—supposed girlfriend's—house. She's getting home from her date, all dressed up, she's wearing an orange dress or something like that. And then the grandma leaves. And then the girl is home, and she's—the news is on, and she's taking off her shoes and stuff. And then it shows a news story about how there was a shooting out in front of this local convenience store. And then it shows a picture of Alfred and Earn because they're running away. I don't know if they escaped or if they—I think they had, they're at large. And then so she calls him an idiot, and then that's the end of the episode.