So last episode started with a scene with three men in a car outside of the gas station slash convenience store. A man breaks—a man outside breaks the mirror on the side of the car, and so the three men come outside of the car and have a conflict with the man that broke the mirror. The man who broke the mirror is also with a woman. And during the confrontation, the man that owns the car says that the man who broke the mirror has to buy him a new mirror. But then the man who broke the mirror says that, "Oh, you're a rapper, you have money, what do you need me to buy the mirror for?" They get into a conflict, and everyone pulls out a gun. And that scene closes with a gunshot, but you don't know who gets shot. The next part is an overview of the landscape of the neighborhood that we're looking at. So you see basketball courts and you see trees, et cetera. And then the next scene opens with one of the men who were in the first scene laying in bed with a woman. And he's listening to music in his headphones which wakes the woman up. When she wakes up, she asks why he's awake. And he explains that he had a very weird dream in which he was swimming in water. And underneath the water there was a bunch of seaweed that appeared to be hands and grabbed him by the legs and were trying to pull him down so that he would drown. So he uses this dream is a metaphor for the sense that if he doesn't keep trying, or keep swimming, everyone around will try and pull him down. And so the woman next to him says, "Wow, that's really deep." And jokingly asks who the girl in the dream was because he mentions that it's a woman that tells him that, "Oh, you need to keep swimming so that the hands don't drown you." And he says, "Oh, don't worry, she was ugly, fat, unattractive." And they start joking with each other. And the man tries to kiss the girl, but she pulls away and tells him that she has morning breath. But he proceeds to try and kiss her, and jokes that he tastes the curry that she had last night. And they ultimately end up kissing. And in the middle of the kissing, she tells the man that she wants—or no, that she loves him. And when he laughs, she gets upset because he doesn't say, "I love you" back to her. And she storms out of the room, into the bathroom to get ready for her day of work, while he walks out of the room to go and see his daughter, which is—and she's in a crib in a different room. While holding his daughter, the woman who—it's not made clear yet if she's his wife, or his girlfriend, or just an acquaintance—says that she's gonna be home late because she has a date, which introduces their relationship. And he's clearly upset by the fact that she has a date. And they get into a small argument because she tells him that she doesn't want their daughter to be picked up by his parents after school. And then that scene closes. And the next scene is that man in the airport with a coworker trying to sell something to people walking by, but everyone's ignoring. And one guy—one random person in the airport tells the main character, the man that I'd been describing, to "fuck off." And then the two coworkers are talking to each other, and mention that there's another woman who's also their coworker who is able to get customers to buy what she's selling because she's an older woman. And then at some point during the scene, the main character's coworker mentions that he saw a video of a—with a rapper called Paper Boy. And when the main character looks at the video, he says, "Oh, I know Paper Boy, that's my cousin." And initially, his coworker thinks that he's talking about one of the women in the video. But then he realizes that he's talking about the rapper in the video. Then the main character's coworker suggests that he should contact his cousin and try and get a deal with him before he becomes a famous rapper, because that could be a way for the main character to make money, or get money. The scene closes and reopens with the main character going—driving into what appears to be a bad neighborhood, going up to his parents' house and asking his parents where his cousin, whose rapper name is Paper Boy—where he is. His—the main character's father doesn't let him into the house and talks to him through the net by the door as his mother sits inside. And when the main character asks his father if he's gonna let him in, he says no, because whenever the main character visits it's a sign that he wants money from them. And the mother confirms that allegation. After the father tells the main character where Paper Boy is, the scene ends and reopens with the main character going into what seems to be an even worse neighborhood. He knocks on Paper Boy's door, and Paper Boy's associate opens the door holding a—wait, scratch that. Paper Boy opens the door with a gun, and realizes that it's his cousin, so he lets him in. And then when the cousin's walking in, we see Paper Boy's associate holding a plate of cookies along with a knife. And when he realizes that it's someone that Paper Boy knows, he puts the knife down and offers cookies. The scene cuts to them talking about how the cousin, the main character, wants to be Paper Boy's manager. And Paper Boy is very suspicious of his cousin and declines. And when Paper Boy asks the main character, "Do you know where the word manager comes from?", the main character, who illustrates that he's very intelligent in this moment, says, "Yeah, it's probably Latin for hand." But then Paper Boy says, "You're probably right, but for the purpose of what I'm trying to say, it has the word 'man' in it, which you aren't." So it's a joke on the main character's manhood. Then Paper Boy says that he's late for something. And the scene cuts to Paper Boy, his associate, and the main character sitting on a sofa in a field, smoking weed. But to clarify, only Paper Boy and his associate are smoking. And when they ask the main character why he isn't smoking, the main character says, "Oh, it's because I'm trying to talk business and be professional." And Paper Boy and his associate joke that if you wanna be the manager of a rapper, you should be able to do business while high. Then the scene cut—they have a conversation about whether the main character's going to be Paper Boy's manager. And the main character tells Paper Boy that, "Oh, I know people in the music industry, I can help." But Paper Boy ultimately declines. Then the scene cuts to the main character in a parking lot outside of what seems to be a music production center. He runs into a guy coming out of his car, and they know each other 'cause apparently they used to work with each other. And the main character asks the white man, "Could you do me a favor and play Paper Boy's song by someone else to get it on the radio?" And the main character's acquaintance says, "I can only do that for three hundred dollars, and that is nothing personal, it's just business." So when the main character explains that he doesn't have three hundred dollars, the white man walks away. And the main character notices a trash man, a garbage man, and asks him if the white man has ever said the n-word in front of him. And the garbage man tells the main character that if the white man ever said the n-word, he would, quote unquote, "cap in his ass." Then the scene cuts to Paper Boy talking to the main character's father and expressing his distrust in the main character. And at some point, he asks the father what happened to Princeton, which shows us that the main character was very intelligent and went to Princeton at some point, but apparently either dropped or got kicked out for reasons that we don't know. And the father explains that he's—the main character's more likely to tell Paper Boy than to the father. During the scene, we also see a clip of the main character pulling out three hundred dollars from a sneaker's box and walking into the music recording studio that we saw previously, and slipping three hundred dollars underneath the door of one of the music producers. In the next scene, we see Paper Boy hearing his song on the radio, and calling the main character and saying, "Oh, do you hear this? It's me on the radio. I actually do want you to be my manager, come meet me at this convenience store, et cetera, et cetera." So the main character agrees and goes over to meet Paper Boy. At this point, we see the same scene the episode opened with, with the associate of Paper Boy, Paper Boy, and the main character sitting in a car. And this time, out of the two meetings with Paper Boy, the main character's actually smoking, which shows that he's officially Paper Boy's manager. And the three of them are basically smoking weed in the car and talking about rapping and women. And during this time, Paper Boy whistles at some girl outside, and she essentially tells him to get lost. And then the next thing that we see is the man that we saw in the very first opening scene break the mirror of Paper Boy's car. And we find out that it's because the woman that Paper Boy had whistled at was the girlfriend—or had some sort of relationship with the man who broke the mirror. And so we see the opening scene once again, where they're outside of the convenience store. There's conflict, and everyone pulls out a gun. And then when that scene ends with a gunshot, it switches to a scene where we see the main character's girl—not girlfriend, but the girl that we saw in the second scene in the beginning, walking into the main character's house—parents' house, to pick up their daughter. She's coming back from her date, and she's wearing, I think, a yellow romper. And she turns on the TV. And while the news is going on, we see a picture of Paper Boy and of the main character come up as alleged shooters, which indicates that the man who broke the windshield was the person who got shot from a gunshot in the first scene. And Paper Boy and the main character get arrested. And then the episode ends with the woman saying that the main character's an idiot, and that's it.