So last week started off with sort of in the middle of a scene they were in a car in a parking lot. There were three guys in the car. There was the guy in the driver seat who was Paper Boy, there was the guy in the passenger seat Childish Gambino, and there's the dude in the back whose name I think is Darren. They're talking about something I forget exactly what, but a girl or a guy with a girl smashes in their rear view mirror from the driver side. And so you know, the Paper Boy hops up out of the car and rushes up to the guy, and obviously Darren and Childish Gambino—I'm just going to call him Gambino—Darren and Gambino follow him. He's arguing with them and they're sort of not being cooperative, and the girl says, "You know why? Why do you need compensation for this or do you, Paper Boy, right?" And they get in this whole discussion about him being Paper Boy and what that's like. And then he gets impatient and pulls out a gun, points it at the guy who kicked in his passenger side, and is like, "You know, basically daring him to make him shoot him." And the guy is saying, "Alright, you know," he pulls up the side of his shirt, he shows that he has a gun, and then he says, "I got my boys around the next corner." And you know, the camera pans up, bang, there's a shot, and Paper Boy has shot the guy who kicked his rear view mirror—or it's not a rear view mirror, I forget what it's called, it's the thing off the side of the door. Alright, so then after that there's the whole intro sequence, a whole lot of drone footage of you know various scenes in Atlanta. And you know, there's Childish Gambino waking up in bed next to a lady, right? He has—or no, he's not waking up in bed, he's bumping tunes from headphones, he's listening to some song. And you know, the girl wakes up and she's like, "What are you listening to or whatever? Or are you listening to music?" And he says, "I had a weird dream." Then he talks about his dream. He's like, "He was swimming in a pool and there was someone else like a chick with him and he was just going after it." And you know, the girl was telling him, "You have to swim to the top cause there are tentacles at the bottom that'll pull you down or something like that." And the girl says, "Deep." And then the girl asks Gambino if the chick in the movie or in his dream was hot. And then you know, he deflects or whatever, and there's this humorous line of questioning about how he made out with her. He reveals that that he actually did make out with her in the dream anyway. So you know, they start making out in bed through some weird sequence I don't remember what they're going after it. And then the girl asks Gambino to tell him that he loves her, and he laughs and he keeps going. Then she gets pissed, pushes him away like, "Why did you laugh?" And she says to him, "Because you always ask that and I always say of course." And then you know, she's obviously not happy with his answer, so she pushes him away, gets out of bed, goes to the bathroom. Gambino gets out of bed, picks up his kid who's in the next room standing in a crib, looking over, he coos or whatever at the baby. And the woman who's probably his baby mama says to him like, "Alright, you gotta make sure to drop her off at your parents' place and pick her up after work today." And there's some discussion about that. And then he asks like, "When are you getting home?" And his baby mama says, "I'm getting home at eleven." And he's like, "Wait, why so late?" And she says that she has a date, and she dips. And then Childish Gambino has this sort of mime sequence with his daughter. He's like, "What? No, I think this is a great environment for you to grow up in." Cut to the next scene where he is at work, and this guy walks past him and he's trying to say, "Hey sir, would you be interested in," and the guy cuts them off really abruptly by saying like, "Fuck off." So that wasn't very polite. So there's this guy standing next to him, you know, they're all in very rumpled suits, very you know, they're just really scruffy, ties are the wrong length, whatever. And then you know, they're saying, "Why can't we make sales?" And they say, "Cause we're not old like her," and they point to another saleswoman who's like, "You know, making a sale." And she's like, "Blah blah blah, something about this vacation, I'll give you a discount or I'll throw in a plane ticket as long as you keep flirting with me." And so the guy is signing, and she looks over at them and she makes some you know, like a grinding movements, which is pretty funny. And you know, and then the dude that Gambino's working with shows him this video on his really cracked iPhone four or something, says it's the newest thing in hip-hop and it's Paper Boy. So at this point the viewer knows the episode's not chronological, and you know, he watches the video and Gambino goes like, "Oh shit, that's my cousin." So that happens. And the guy's like, the guy encourages him like, "Oh, you should hit him up, but there's no way he's your cousin, right?" So Gambino ditches his job. Next scene at, he's at his parents' house at the door visibly not letting Gambino in. And Gambino's like, "Yo, what's up Dad?" And his dad's you know, says, "Yo, what's up son?" And you know, they have this dialogue. And then Gambino says, "Are you going to invite me in?" And his dad says, "No, I can't afford it," you know, implying that Gambino always asks him for money, etc., etc. And you know, so you know, there's this whole exchange basically you know, shitting on Gambino, you know. And they're talking about his baby mama, and you know, they seem to care more about her, have a better opinion of her than they do of Gambino. So anyways, he goes, he asks his dad if he knows where Paper Boy lives, whatever his real name is, I don't remember. And then his dad refers him to the place. And then Gambino's like, "Thanks," and takes off. Next scene, Gambino's in this this neighborhood where people are drinking out of paper bags in the afternoon, which is admirable. And he walks up to a house, and inside the house there are you know, a couple dudes, presumably Paper Boy and Darren, who are just chilling, watching TV or playing FIFA or whatever, I don't remember. And the doorbell rings, right? Door opens up, it's Gambino at the door, and he gets the gun pointed in his face by Paper Boy. He makes some sort of snarky dry comment, Paper Boy lets him in. Next shot, Darren is standing around the corner of the wall, you know, holding a knife and a plate of cookies. Paper Boy walks past, tells him to chill, and then Darren looks at his knife, shrugs, and offers Gambino something from the plate of cookies, right? And then you know, Paper Boy cuts to the chase, says, "You're here for a handout because I'm Paper Boy." Gambino's like, "No, what? Huh?" Anyway, he fesses up to it, says, "I wanna be your manager." Paper Boy says no pretty much immediately, cause he says he's more like Martin and he needs Malcolm. And then Darren's like, "Yeah," and you know, Martin was killed by them or they killed Martin. And then Gambino says, "You know, they killed Malcolm to," and that was pretty funny. So they're discussing, they're discussing whatever, there's some dialogue and Gambino's trying to make his pitch. And then Paper Boy says, "Oh shit, we're late." What're they late for? Next scene, they're on a couch in the middle of an open field smoking pot. Paper Boy offers Gambino some, Gambino declines. You know, Paper Boy asks why, and he's like, "I'm working." Anyway, some discussion back and forth, some more convincing, and eventually they get off the couch, head back inside, and Paper Boy says, "You'll never, you know, I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral," you know, like, "I don't trust you." Basically, so that scene ends. Gambino is next seen in a parking lot coming out from a dumpster, approaching this white guy who is just egregious acts overly friendly, like very you know, yeah, just very friendly. But you know, he drops the n-word, and Gambino's like visibly confused like, "What's going on with this guy?" And anyways, so there's some back and forth, and Gambino's basically asking him, "Can I get this CD to some dude in the radio station?" And the guys says like, "Yeah, but there's gotta be some cash involved, you know, just like hand it over to me and I'll take care of it." And Gambino and the guy heads inside the building, which is presumably the office for the radio. And then you know, Gambino sees a garbage worker and he asks him, "You know, what time you get off work?" And you know, I'm guessing that he bribes him or he gets his help somehow to get in the building later. Oh, spoilers. Anyways, so next scene, I think next scene, Paper Boy's pulling up to Gambino's parents' house and he sees Gambino's daughter, and he's like, "Oh, she's so cute, give her to me." And Gambino's mom is like, "No, you smell like pot." And Paper Boy's like, "Alright, fair enough." And then he tells them that Gambino wants to be his manager. His parents are like, "And you don't trust him? I don't blame you." And Paper Boy's like, "Yeah, that's what concerns me." And they're like, "You know, the special thing about Gambino is that he's always like, he works hard to get what he wants." And you know, there are these scenes of Gambino inside the radio building, you know, walking past the white guy who dropped the n-word before, and then slipping the CD directly underneath the radio guy's building. You know, next scene, you know, I think Gambino's on a bus, you know, there's this weird sitting next to him—probably a lot of symbolism involved—no, sitting across from him, very well dressed man. You know, Gambino's picked up his daughter, I'm guessing he's heading home, his daughter's in his lap, and the guy just asks really weird, you know, just like puts some Nutella on bread, and then you know, tells Gambino like, "You should eat this." Gambino's like, "No." Police car drives past as soon as the guy starts making like threatening moves, and the guy jumps off the bus but leaves his Nutella on the bus. Anyways, so that was really weird. Gambino sends a text off to his baby mama, he's like, "You know, I love you, can we talk tonight?" Then he gets a call from Paper Boy saying like, "Yo, I hear you got my song on the radio, just bumping the song right now." He's like, "You know, come through," you know. And presumably Gambino drops his daughter off, he goes finds Paper Boy, and then we're at the beginning of the episode where you know, they're in the car, they're having a good time, he smokes up with Paper Boy and Darren, and Paper Boy basically like gives him a job. And then the guy, you know, and then Paper Boy whistles at a chick, and then her boyfriend comes through and smashes her side view mirror, and then he hops out and they have an altercation, and then the guy gets shot. And then in the episode there's a scene back at the house of Gambino's baby mama where she comes in, the news are playing, Gambino's mom leaves with the baby, and then you know, she sees the news story saying, "You know, Gambino and Paper Boy were arrested." And yeah, that's it. And she's like, "Oh, you idiots."