So the episode started in front of a liquor store, and there's a large group of people. Earn was there, and I believe Paper Boy was also there, and they get into an argument, and it ends with a gunshot. And then it fades into the title sequence for the show, and during the title sequence it shows kind of the two sides of the city of Atlanta, and one is evidence of poverty, on the other side is very upper class, and it kinda shows the two sides of that city. And then at the end of the title sequence it goes into Earn, and he's at his girlfriend's house, I believe her name is Vanessa, and they're in bed. He's listening to music, and he's talking about a dream he had where he was in a pool, but it was an ocean, and there was seaweed, but the seaweed was like hands, and if he swam into the hands they would pull him down and try to drown him. And so he's kinda talking about what the possible metaphors for his dream might be, and his girlfriend is just asking him if there was another girl in the dream. And then after—after they get out of bed we're introduced to his daughter Lottie, I think that's her name, and we kinda see the tension in their relationship because the girlfriend is going on a date with somebody else, so clearly they are—there's some conflict there, she's going out with someone else tonight. And after the house scene I think the next thing that happens is at Earn's job. He works at an airport trying to sell some product or discount for an airline, I think, I'm not really sure. He gets paid on commission, but he's not very good at getting—getting people to buy his product. And at his job he talks to his coworker kind of about his struggles. He's basically homeless, and he has to get rent for his girlfriend's house, and his parents are not letting him stay at their house either. I don't know, he's telling his friend about his economic struggles. And then I think in that scene we're also introduced—he shows a video of the Paper Boy music video, and that's kind of the first time, and his friend talks about how he might be gaining popularity. And then after—after the airport scene I think he goes and visits his parents, and they don't want him to come in because they think he's gonna ask for money. And sometime after that he goes and—also Paper Boy is his cousin, he tells that to his friend at work, but I don't think his friend believes him. I think his real name's Alfred, and he goes to his house, Paper Boy's house, and someone else is there at first, and he offered a cookie. And at first he opens the door, his cousin points a gun at him before he realizes who it is. And when he's finally in the house he asks his cousin if he could be his manager for—for his music career as a rapper, and his cousin is pretty hesitant about that proposal, and he wants to discuss it further, I believe, but he's high, and— and he's talking to I think Darien or something is the other friend who's there, and they're discussing Earn possibly being his manager, but the end of the conversation he's not really— or he's not really liking that proposal. So—so Earn leaves. And then I think the next thing is he visits his friend who I think works at a radio station or something like that, and he's telling him about a party he was at where the DJ sucked. And while he's telling him that story he uses the n-word, and clearly that affects Earn, but he doesn't directly say anything to his friend about it. I think his friend's name is Dave, the friend who was—he's also white, so that's why he was, you know, a bit taken aback when he used that word, but yeah, he didn't explicitly mention it to his friend. And then he asks—he asks if he's heard the song "Paper Boy" by Paper Boy, and I believe he says that he has heard it, he likes it, and Earn wants him to play it on the radio basically. And he asks for five hundred dollars. So—so yeah, Earn's obviously not happy about that cause money is, you know, he's struggling to pay rent, and so doesn't have five hundred dollars. And kind of like simultaneously there are two scenes, one is in which Paper Boy goes to his aunt's or Earn's parents' house, they're watching Earn's daughter, and he—he asks—he tells him that Earn wants to be his manager, but he has some concerns with that, he's not sure if it'll be the best move or if he really trusts Earn to be his manager. And Earn's dad basically agrees with him, but says that— that when Earn, I think something along the line of when Earn wants to do something he'll really go for it. And then while that's happening we see Earn go to a shoebox where I think he's stashed money, so I assume he's taking the five hundred dollars out of the shoebox, and takes a rubber band, puts the money around a mixtape, presumably Paper Boy's, and he goes—he takes the money and mixtape and puts it under—puts it under the door of Dave's booth in the—wherever he works in the radio station. And— and then the next scene I don't know if it's directly afterwards, but he's—he's picking up his daughter and texting his girlfriend that he'll be home soon, and they're on a bus. And while he is riding the bus some guy next to him notices that he looks a bit stressed and asks to tell him what's on his mind. And Earn says something along the lines of some people just have to be losers in life so that the winners can win, or something like that. Why are some people just—just, you know, assumed to have worse luck? Is it because, you know, there just has to be people—person who will do well, then that means that some people will have to do bad—poorly? And he's describing his struggles with his daughter next to him, and the kinda strange man who's listening to his problems is making a sandwich with I think Nutella. And— and then the man asked Earn to eat the sandwich, and Earn's, you know, no, I don't think I'm gonna do that cause it's a bit strange, he's a bit weirded out, and he's very insistent on him eating the sandwich. And then right—right then a police siren goes off, and the—the strange man has disappeared—gone off the bus, and he looks out the window and he sees the man go into the woods with a dog following him. So that was a bit strange, I'm not quite sure the purpose of that scene, but it did show Earn's concerns about his life and where it's going, and they definitely need something to change—switch it up. And then while he's on—so he's still on the bus with a creepy man has left, still has his daughter with him, they're both listening to music. That's a big like theme throughout the episode, he's wearing headphones a lot, he seems to always be listening to music. His daughter is even listening to music, she has headphones that kinda look like a tiara or something like that, a crown of some sort. And while he's on the train he gets a call from his cousin in a car and says, "Oh, do you hear this?" I believe his cousin is parked outside the same liquor store from the beginning, in the very beginning of the episode, but I'm not quite sure about that, but they are—he is in the car, and he says, "Do you hear that?" and you know, puts the phone next to his radio, and basically his song is playing on the radio. So Earn goes over to talk to him. I assume he goes home first to drop off his daughter, but they don't really show that, but his daughter's not there in the next scene. So— and oh yeah, so he goes to meet up with his cousin, and hopefully the fact that he got his song to be played on the radio will maybe change his opinion about Earn being Paper Boy's manager. And he goes to visit him, they're in the car, and then I think Dave comes back. So there is—there is Earn's in the car with Paper Boy, they're discussing the fact that his song's being played on the radio. I think the friend from before, Darien or whatever his name was, he's still there. And then Dave comes, and Earn makes Dave tell him the same story about how he was at a party with a really bad DJ, and the DJ kept playing the Flo Rida song, Flo Rida songs one after another, kinda ruining the vibe for the party. But it's not really an interesting story, no one really has a large reaction to the story, but the important takeaway was that when they were all together Dave didn't use the n-word when describing the story, so it was a bit weird that he did use the word when talking to just Earn, but for some reason he wouldn't say it in front of the group, so that was interesting. And so they're listening to Paper Boy's song on the radio of the car. Dave, I think is—goes away after this point, and Paper Boy calls out the window to a girl passing by, kinda catcalls, and says, "This is my song that's playing," and the girl just kinda dismisses it cause— and then listening to the song on the radio still, and someone comes over and knocks his car mirror off. And Paper Boy's obviously upset by this, but Earn kinda tries to cool him down, says that he shouldn't mess with money, I think, cause he says something along the lines of that, I guess that people who—but that shows that the car must've been rich, maybe, I don't really—I'm not sure what he implied, but yeah, they knock off his car window. And Earn starts to get— not Earn, Paper Boy starts to get out of the car to talk to—approach the people who did this. Earn tries to, you know, prevent him from doing that, and then you see Earn open the glove box of the car and get a gun out, I guess, in case he needs it. And then he—Paper Boy runs out of the car to say, "I'm gonna need money for the replacement for this window." And then it's kind of ambiguous, I think, on purpose ambiguous, what exactly goes down between Paper Boy, Earn, and whoever had knocked off his car mirror, but there is a—a gunshot, and it cuts out similar to how there was a gunshot in the beginning scene. There was a gunshot, then it cut to the credits. So yeah, like that, there was a gunshot, and it kinda fades to black. You don't really know what happened, that's all you hear. And then the next scene Earn's girlfriend comes home, she's dressed up in nicer going out clothes, I think she had—she had this date with this guy, I believe was mentioned in the beginning of the episode. And Earn's mother is there watching his daughter. His mom says something about how they're out of wine and something else, I forget, and his mom leaves. And his girlfriend tell him with the baby, and the news is on, and on the news they describe how there was a shooting out in the same spot that Earn and Paper Boy were, and there was a shooting, and the two suspects are Paper Boy and Earn, and they show both of their pictures on the screen news. And clearly his girlfriend recognizes him and says something along the lines of how stupid or something like that. So that kinda sets up for the next episode. And yeah, that's pretty much it. It ends with Vanessa, I think that's her name, I don't know, his girlfriend realizing that Earn has been in this like trouble—trouble situation, even though it was clear that when he was in the car he didn't really want to start any trouble, he was trying to convince Paper Boy to, you know, just calm down, not do anything about it, because he didn't wanna—I guess get into the situation that he is in now, especially when there are other things that are going on in his life right now. Definitely introduces another concept about or a key theme about different socioeconomic classes in Atlanta and the broad or distinctions between them.