So the last episode started off in a parking lot with Paper Boy, I think was his name, Paper Boy, and Earn, and I can't remember the other guy's name. I think it started with a D, but they were sitting out, they were outside in a parking lot, and they're in an altercation with a woman and another man. And you find out later that the man has kicked off Paper Boy's— the mirror on Paper Boy's car—but he's talking about how he wants to be paid, and so it's a little confusing what's going on, but yes, that's it. And then Paper Boy pulls out a gun and points it at the man that he's that kicked off his mirror, and Earn tries to kind of mediate and tell them, tell Paper Boy to calm down and not to do that. And while this is all happening, the friend who's definitely super high and always really high, can't remember his name again, but he, I'm just gonna call him D because I can't remember his name, but I think it started with a D, he is looking off at this dog to the side and talking about the dog, which is kinda weird, but I don't know if that comes up in later episodes or not. And then the scene zooms out to an aerial view of them, and you hear a shot go off. Then the episode changes scenes. I'm pretty sure that's the theme in everything. And then it changes scenes, and it's Earn wakes up next to a girl, and I can't remember her name, and he tells her about a dream he had where he's swimming underwater and there's seaweed, but he thinks that the seaweed is hands grabbing at him or something like that, and a woman tells him to swim away from it. And then the girl that Earn's laying in bed with is like, "Who's the girl?" and he tries to say that she's ugly and he's not interested in her, but then he admits to having kissed the girl in his dream, and he says, "It could— it could be you," to the girl that he's laying in bed with, or something like that, I think. And then they, he starts kissing her, but then she asks, she asks him like, "Tell me you love me," or "Do you love me?" or something like that, and he laughs, and then she gets mad and gives up and goes to the bathroom. And so then Earn is kind of like, "I don't know," I think, I don't quite remember, but I think he's just a little confused, and he gets up and then goes to the other room where his daughter, with the woman he was in bed with, their daughter, is in the other room. And while he's playing with his daughter, his, the girl reminds him that he has to take care of the daughter that night because she is going somewhere and then has a date. And so he kinda jokes to the daughter that he didn't realize that he was supposed to be taking care of her, but that he will do it, and the daughter's like a baby, so okay, she doesn't, she's not participating in that conversation, and I don't remember what— there's two scenes that are— yeah, okay, so then I'm pretty sure it goes to him at work in an airport, and he's trying to sell something at— I just didn't catch on to it the first time I, some kind of deal for the airline to get people to buy. And he starts talking to his coworker about some up-and-coming rapper or something like that, and he realizes that it's Paper Boy, and he says something like, "Oh, that's my cousin," and then he decides to leave. And the next scene he shows up at his parents' house, who don't let him into the house because he— because they're like, "Oh, like we don't have enough money," or something, because every time he comes over, it's implied that it's every time he comes over, he asks for money or for help for some reason. And then there's some passing comment about he had— how he had been at the house the other day and pooped in their bathroom or something like that. And then he says something like, "Oh, I'm not looking for money, I just want to know Paper Boy is," or something like that, because that's his cousin. His dad tells him, and he reminds his parents, or asks his parents to get his daughter from school or something like that. So then Earn goes to Paper Boy's, or the scene switches to Paper Boy and D, whoever, in Paper Boy's house or apartment, whatever it is, and they're hanging out in there. And then Earn, you hear a knock on the door, and Paper Boy like grabs a gun, D gets a knife, and they're all sketched out, but then they get to the door and realize it's Earn. They let him in. D like offers him a cookie while he's still holding his huge knife. And then they start talking, and Earn mentions that he wants to— he says, "I think Paper Boy kind of accuses him of coming just to manage him," and he kinda laughs, but then he admits that that is what he wants to do, or something. And they get into kind of an argument, whether Earn says something, he says, Paper Boy says something about it being for the money, and Earn says, "No, it's not just that," and then he says, "Well, it should be," Paper Boy says that, or something like that. Then they decide to go outside to smoke, and so they're sitting outside on a couch with D, Paper Boy, and Earn, and they're talking, and Paper Boy still like doesn't wanna let manage him, like I can't quite remember the premise of the conversation, like what the details of the conversation, but yeah, so they're talking about whether he should manage him or not and all kinds of other things. And oh, Earn keeps trying to get Paper Boy kind of to his— to himself, like he wants D to leave, but Paper Boy's like, "No, he doesn't need to leave," and like Earn is like, "Can we go somewhere more private?" and things like that, but they just— Paper Boy wants to stay outside. And then I don't remember how the conversation ends, but then Paper Boy's headed back inside and kinda gets mad with Earn and says something like, "I haven't seen you since my mother's funeral," or something like that, so it doesn't end on the best note. Then Paper Boy goes— not Paper Boy, Earn goes. The scene kinda cuts to this parking lot of a radio station, and Earn sees his friend or some guy that he knows, who starts talking to him about how he clearly works at the radio station, talking about how at an event the night before they had a DJ, and they, he says something like, "We needed you there, Earn, because this guy was bad," and he tells some story about how the DJ was playing Flo Rida and how he more than one song or something like that, and how he, this white guy had to go up to him and be like, like it was like, "You gotta stop n-word," I don't know, in some context he used the n-word, and clearly Earn is uncomfortable but just kinda laughs it off. And so then he, Earn starts talking to him about Paper Boy and how he should play Paper Boy on his radio, and the guy says something about how he would have to pay some other guy to do it, and it's like a lot of money, like five hundred dollars or maybe more, I can't quite remember, but yeah, so he says he has to pay him, and Earn's like, "That's a lot of money, I don't know," and the conversation kinda fizzles out, I don't quite remember what happens. And then the radio station guy goes inside, and then Earn finds a janitor who's black and asks him if the radio station guy has ever used the n-word in front of him, and he says something like, "Hell no," or something. And then I think Earn asks the janitor for a favor, I'm not sure quite sure what happens in that conversation. And I don't remember if this is immediately after or later, but eventually Earn go gets money from the shoebox or something and then brings it into the radio station and has one of Paper Boy's songs or something like that. All the while this is happening, Paper Boy and D go visit Earn's parents, and they say hi, and Earn's parents are playing with Earn's daughter on the front lawn. And Paper Boy says something about seeing the daughter something, and Paper— Earn's mom is like, "No, like she, she'll catch second-hand high," or something like that, and then I think she brings her inside. And so then Earn's dad and Paper Boy begin talking about how Earn wants to manage Paper Boy and how it's hard to trust him and how if he wants something done he'll do it on his own terms and things like that. And then at some point D says something about like, "Can I measure your tree?" or something to Earn's dad, who's pretty taken aback cause it's a weird question, and he's like, "No," or "Later," or something, I don't know what he says, but it's something like, "Not right now." And then D's like, "Well, oh, that's basically a no," or something, but again he's really, it's a really weird question. Then I think what happens next is Earn is on some form of public transportation, transportation with his daughter, and they're both listening to music, but his daughter's asleep. And then this guy across from him like says, "You look down," or something, and comes over and starts talking to him. And Earn explains that he feels like he's always failing and like he's only there to fail so that other people can feel victorious and things like that. And this guy starts to tell him about how you just have to go with the flow of things or something, kinda cryptic, I can't quite remember, but it's Earn's basically like, "No, I don't think I'm gonna do that, thanks though," or something. And then this guy like has this sandwich he's been making, and he's like, "Eat this sandwich," and Earn's like, "No, I'm not gonna eat your sandwich." And then he, the guy gets really aggressive, he's like, "Eat the sandwich," or something. And then right as he does this, like police cars like pull over the bus or like something, police cars somehow get involved. So then all of a sudden the guy is gone that was sitting next to Earn, and Earn looks out the window of the bus and is just, the guy is, the guy is like walking into the woods with a dog, which I said this last time but like the dog kinda looks similar to the dog that D in the very beginning of the episode, but I, I have no idea if those are connected. Then after that, Earn starts typing out the text to the mom of his daughter, I think, kind of apologizing for earlier, I'm not sure, but then before he hits send, he gets a call from Paper Boy, who's listening to his song on the radio, and he's like, "You have to get over here," or something, all excited that he's playing on the radio or something like that. So I guess Earn drops off his daughter with his parents or something, you're not really sure, but then he ends up in this parking lot that we saw in the beginning of the movie or beginning of the episode, and he starts, he gets in the car with with Paper Boy and D, and Paper Boy offers him a joint or something, yeah, a joint, and he starts smoking with him, which earlier when they were outside on the couch like talking about Earn managing him, he wouldn't smoke, but now he was. And I can't quite remember what they talked about, I think he might've agreed to let Earn be— Paper Boy might've agreed to let Earn be his manager, I'm not quite sure. But then they see the guy, I think his name Dave, the guy that worked at the radio station, and first he like kind of either I don't remember if it was before or after, but he kinda like tells Earn that he shouldn't have, that the guy he paid was mad or something like that. And then Earn's like, "Well, obviously he's not too mad if he's playing Paper Boy on the radio." And then he asks Dave to tell D and Paper Boy the story that he told him earlier, and clearly Dave feels kind of awkward about it, and so he tells the story but then doesn't say the n-word, and I don't know, I think it was just to embarrass him or make him feel bad, I'm not sure. And so then after that, Dave leaves, and then Paper Boy's looking out the window and a girl walks by, and he like makes some comment on her, and then she's rude back, and then he gets kinda in a bad mood and like turns off the radio and is like, "I don't even like this song, it's not good," after Earn compliments it. And then all of a sudden the guy comes up and kicks off the window to Paper Boy's car, and Paper Boy freaks out, starts getting out of the car, tries to grab a gun, but Earn doesn't let him, but then you think Earn might've grabbed it after, you're not sure, like he looks at it. So they all get out of the car and they start fighting with the guy, which is like— and then you know what happens after that cause it was in the beginning of the episode. And then at like the scene switches over to Earn's daughter's mom getting back from her date, and she goes to Earn's parents' house, and Earn's mom tells her that there's like wine or something and she can have it and that where the daughter is. And as she's walking, Earn's daughter's mom's walking to go get her daughter or something, she hears on the TV that there's been a shooting and that one of the suspects is Earn. And then she says something like, "What have you done?" or "What have you been boys done?" or something like that, or like, "Stupid," I can't quite remember, but and then yeah, I think that was the end of the episode, but yeah.