So I watched an episode of Atlanta last time, and the first part of the first scene of the episode was a—was Earnest and Paper Boy and their friend Darius all together in a car in front of a liquor store. And a man suddenly kicks the mirror off the car, the side mirror off the car, after Paper Boy had catcalled someone, and that girl's boyfriend came in and kicked the mirror. And then an altercation happened, so Paper Boy gets out of the car and starts insulting the boyfriend, and while Earnest is on the side being like, "No, no, don't stop it," basically. And then Paper Boy pulls out his gun, and the other dude also pulls out his gun, and there's a gunshot. And then the scene goes black. And throughout that scene there's also a dog; we see a dog. We're not really sure what it means, and that dog pops up later in the episode. And after the screen goes dark, there is an aerial view of I assume Atlanta's suburbs, and and then we see, we see a house, and we go into the house, and it's Earnest's house, and he's sleeping with his girlfriend or ex-wife, I'm not sure what he is, but they're in bed together. And they talk about the state of their relationship, and then Earnest says something she doesn't like, so she gets out of bed and starts getting ready for for the day. And then Earnest gets out of bed and starts playing with his daughter in the other room, and and then the girlfriend says, "Hey Earnest, I'm not coming, I'm coming back late tonight. I have a date. Please take care of the our daughter. Don't just leave her with your parents, and you also have to start paying rent if you wanna live here." And Earnest is just like, "Don't worry about it." And then we cut to his job where he's working at an airport as as a salesperson trying to get people to sign up for airline airlines rewards card. And he gets brushed off by a lot of people who just walk by, and there's also another fellow salesperson who is bragging that she's very successful as a salesperson. And Earnest and his friend are very sick of their jobs, and they're trying to think of other ways, other jobs to switch to in other industries to pursue that would help them make money really fast. And they start talking about a new and up coming rapper called Paper Boy whose mixtape just dropped, and Earnest realizes that Paper Boy is his cousin, so he comes up with the idea to to try and get be the manager of his cousin basically. And he and then he just leaves the airport basically, and he goes to visit his parents to ask where Paper Boy lives. And his parents are basically doing the interaction, just basically say express their disappoint for their son for not having a legitimate job and for not being as successful as he should be and but he gets the address from his parents. And he walks or he goes to Paper Boy's house, and Paper Boy is playing video game at the time while his friend Darius is baking cookies. And when Earnest comes to the door, Darius and Paper Boy are like armed armed and ready, but they let, they let him in. And Earnest says, "Hey, can I be your manager?" And Paper Boy says basically rejects him and just says like, "Earnest, I don't know you anymore. I don't trust you to be my manager." And so Earnest now is trying to is on the quest to try and prove his abilities as a manager and his dedication to helping Paper Boy succeed. So Earnest goes to a radio station where he encounters a white friend who said a pretty racially insensitive story that Earnest, it's obvious that he's really made really uncomfortable because of it. And then he talks to a janitor; he tries to get the the his white friend who's the a DJ for the for the radio station, he tries to get him to play Paper Boy's mixtape, but the DJ just says no basically and walks into the building. So Donald Glover, not Donald Glover, Earnest, he encounters a janitor at the place, and he basically bribes him to let him into the building after hours. And yeah, and then I think next is we cut back to Paper Boy going to Earnest's parents' house, and he starts talking about how starts questioning them about whether Earnest would be a really good manager or not. And his parents basically say Earnest will just if he wants something he will get it and he will do anything to do it basically. And then we cut back to Donald Glover opening a shoebox to get money that he's gonna use to bribe to bribe the another DJ at the radio station. And yeah, he was successful with it. And the next scene is not Donald Glover, Earnest, on a bus with his daughter in his arms. They're both listening to music, and there is a man in a beige suit sitting across from him, and he starts talking and giving advice to Earnest that Earnest initially ignores. But then the man moves to sit next to Earnest and starts making a Nutella sandwich, and he offers it to Donald, not Donald, Earnest, and who rejects it. And then there's a siren that captures our attentions; we get distracted. And then when Earnest looks at the pays attention again, he the man in the beige suit has gotten off the bus, and the same dog that was in the very first scene is seen following that man. And then right after that interaction with the man in the beige suit, there's a phone call from Paper Boy being like, "Come to so and so location. You're my manager now. I hear my song on the radio." And so Earnest goes to the liquor store that was in the first scene, gets into the car with Paper Boy, and they're celebrating that his his song is on the radio now because of Earnest's work. And then the whole altercation that happened in the first scene is played out where Paper Boy catcalls someone, their boyfriend comes in like very enraged, breaks off the side mirror off of Paper Boy's car, and Paper Boy gets out despite Earnest being like, "No, don't do it." And Earnest also gets out a gun out of the glove compartment. Oh yeah. And then before the whole altercation happens, the white this jockey friend of of Earnest drops by the liquor store, and Earnest tries to get him to tell the same racially insensitive story, but this time he says it in a much more neutral manner so it's not as racially offensive. And I think that scenario was just very awkward. But anyways, back to the altercation, Paper Boy, Darius, and Earnest all come out; they get into a fight; they pull out their guns, and there is a, I think there's a gunshot in this scene as well. And Earnest's girlfriend returns back to the house as Earnest's mom is leaving the house, and on the TV she sees that her that Earnest and Paper Boy are both suspects for a shooting that has happened at a liquor store, and she is just very surprised and disappointed.