Okay, so the episode that I watched last week started off with a scene in which three men were in a car. They're listening to some music, and someone from the outside of the car was walking up to the parked car they're in. They're in a parked car in a lot in front of a some building, and some person came up to the car and smashes the side mirror of the car, breaks it off basically. And he keeps walking, and the guy in the driver's seat is like, "What the heck?" and freaking out, and then tries to get out of the car, actually tries to grab his gun from the— from the glove compartment, but the friend who's in the passenger seat stops him. So the guy in the driver's seat gets out anyways and starts going up to them, and all the guys in the car get out and follow him, and they confront the guy who broke their car window. There is a guy and a girl, and start asking why they do that. And then basically the guy, the guy in the driver's seat, pulls out a gun, and before that happens, one of the guys, one of the driver's friends, says, "Wait, wait, wait, what's that?" or he's like, "I'm having major deja vu right here." And he looks to the side and he sees a dog standing on the sidewalk, and he's like, "Doesn't that dog look familiar to you or something?" And then it skips to an aerial shot of the the three guy who were in the car and the guy and the girl, the guy being the guy who smashed the window. And then a shot goes off, and it was the guy who had the guy, the driver's seat guy, had shot the guy who smashed his window. And then it cuts to the scene of the guy in the passenger seat, who was Childish Gambino, whose name we find out is Earn. It cuts to a scene of him in bed wearing headphones listening to a song, and his girlfriend or wife or fiancé or whomever is laying in bed next to him and wakes up and is like, "Why are you up so early?" And he's like, "I had a dream," and so he starts telling her about the dream. He says, "I was dreaming that I was in the ocean, but I was actually in the swimming pool, and there was a ton of seaweed, but it wasn't seaweed, it was hands, like arms." And someone, one other one other girl who was swimming in the swimming pool with me, said not to get too close to the hands or they'll pull you down. And and he starts talking about how that represents society trying to hold you back. And his girlfriend, before he can get too much into the explaining what he was talking about society, his girlfriend was like, "Wait, who's the girl?" He's like, "Oh my gosh," and then and then they start making out. And then she asked him to, she said, "Say, say you love me." And then he just started chuckling, and then she got really upset by that. She was like, "Wait, why are you laughing?" He's like, "Because you say you ask me to say that every time, and and I always say of course." And then he's like, "I love you," and then did a cheesy smile, and she got really upset and left and left to go get ready. And then Earn slash Childish Gambino walked down the hallway to their baby's room and was like playing with the baby. And then the wife says something about she has a date later today or something like that, I don't know, it was a little bit confusing. But then it cuts to a scene of Earn at his job, which is at an airport, I think. He's some sort of he sells, I think he promotes the credit card, like one of those credit cards that's associated with a airplane company, they're trying to get like miles or points or something. And so he's standing with his friend who has a name tag on that says Swift, I think, and they're talking. And at first they're talking about how the their competitor company, I think who's who's standing in front of them on the other side of gate, is getting— she's an old lady, and how she gets so many more customers cause of her demeanor and how she acts and stuff like that, she's just being really funny. And then Swift turns to Earn and is like, "Yo, have you heard this song, Paper Boy?" And is like, "No, I haven't," so he pulls up a video, I think it's a video of this rap song, this new rap song called Paper Boy, apparently that's blowing up. And Earn was like, "That's my cousin." And at one point it's like in the rap video, it's a video of there's a shot of a girl twerking, and Swift is like, "Oh bro, your cousin is thick— sorry, that's kinda awkward." And Earn's like, "No, no, no, not her, no, like Paper Boy, the guy who sings it is a or raps it is my cousin." And so then Earn goes to his parents' house to try and find out where Paper Boy slash I think his name is Arthur, where he is. And so he walks up and they're like sitting on the porch, like a closed off porch, and his mom is doing laundry, I think, and his dad opens the door and is like, "Hi, how are you, son?" And they're like, "Good, how are you?" And then Earn is like, "Are you gonna invite me in?" And his dad's like, "Nope, you're just here for money or something like that." And so it hits that some sort of back story, like he's always there for that. Then he asks where his cousin Andrew is, and oh actually I think his name is Andrew, I think it's Andrew. He asked where Andrew is, and his dad tells him. And then so he goes to meet up with Andrew, and it's the conversation. It cuts to a scene of Andrew and his friend, like his housemate or whatever, in the in their house, and his friend's name is it starts with a D, Darius. So his friend's named Darius is like making something in the kitchen, and it's funny, he pulls out a carton of milk and smells it and is like, "Hey Andrew, is this good to drink or is this milk good to use?" And then Andrew's like, "Depends, good for what?" And he's like, "Making food," and he's like, "Nah, it's not good for that." And the door bell rings, and it's Earn of course. And so Andrew goes to the door, opens it like a tiny bit, and is like pulling a gun outside, and Earn's like, "Wow, that's pretty intense." And so Andrew recognizes him, and then he lets him in. They're walking, and it's funny because Darius has like put on this not handkerchief but bandana around his nose and mouth, like you'd imagine like ninjas do or like a bike or like a bike rider, I guess, I don't know, but I think he's holding a knife and a plate of cookies and standing around the corner waiting for like someone to walk by. And Andrew comes up and is like, "Yo, it's just my cousin, don't worry," and so he takes off his bandana thing around his mouth and is like, "Okay, do you want a cookie?" And so Earn takes the cookie, and he sits on the couch. And basically Earn wanted to, Andrew's like, "I know why you're here, you're like you haven't talked to me in years, you're just here cause of Paper Boy, and you wants you want like a handout or something like that." And Earn's like, "No, no, I don't want that, I want to manage you or something like that." And it's very clear that Andrew doesn't want any part of it. Like they go outside and sit on some random couch and start talking, but Andrew's just like totally against the idea, and Earn's trying to convince him the whole time. But it's funny, at one point they talk about having a rat phone or having a burger phone, I guess. And Darius is sitting, and they're all smoking except for Earn, he's he's like, "I'm not gonna smoke cause I want the job or like I'm doing business." And so Darius is like, "Wait, think about it, if everyone had a rat phone," and he starts talking about like literally rats as phones, like that'd be so convenient cause there's like five rats for every one person in New York City, and like it's so easy to use, it's very cheap and affordable and stuff like that. And then it cuts to a scene of Earn going to meet up with some people at not a record label but like a radio station, whom like he had previously worked at or knows someone who works there right now. And so he goes up to, he's in the parking lot of the radio station, and this guy gets out of the car and recognizes each other, and they're like, "Yo, what's up?" The guy's carrying like some coffees, and he's like, he starts telling this story about how he was at a club the other day, and the guy played two Avicii songs in a row, and he had to pull him aside and so like, "What are you doing?" And then he said the n-word, and the camera turned to look at Earn, and Earn was just like very confused and like it was a little visible that he was a bit annoyed, at least at least annoyed by the fact that this white guy was saying the n-word. And he kept he kept saying it, I'm pretty sure, or at least when they were talking, Earn was basically trying to get in on the radio station, and the guy was like, "No, my boss is like or the guy who runs it was super super strict with the stuff, like you had to pay to get your stuff played or stuff like that." And then he was talking about how it's just not gonna happen basically. And then when he was leaving, he said the n-word again too to address Earn. And then this guy, this what's it called, I guess he was a black janitor, was going by with some garbage, and Earn was like, "Hey yo, does that guy, do you see that guy over there, does he ever say the n-word to you?" And the janitor was like, "No, if he did I'd break my foot off in his ass or something like that." And then so it's pretty obvious that the guy was just using it either to like intimidate Earn or to try and like assert some sort of dominance, I don't know, it was just it was just a bit strange and very clear that there was that distinction. And and so I think at that point Earn goes back to his apartment to get some money out of like a shoebox out of like a shoe, and then takes the CD of Paper Boy, asks the janitor that he was talking to before to let him into the building, and so gets in at like eight PM at night, and goes to the the director's door, like passes his friend who had been saying the n-word, like knocks on his glass and like so the guy knows that he was there, and then slips the CD with the money under the exec's board or under the exec's door. And then later that night he's on the some subway listening to his baby, cause he had to pick up the baby later that day. And this guy wearing a suit across from him, this African American wearing a suit across from him, was like, "You're in some trouble or something like that, like you're in distress." And then comes and sits next to him and is like, "So it's basically preaching," he's like, "Resistance is the is the parasite of society or something like that," and talks about how he needs to let go and like let the path take you, like a broken branch in a in a river or in a current or something like that. And then this whole time he starts making a Nutella sandwich, like just Nutella on bread, like he pulls out a big jar of Nutella, and then and then he offers it to the guy to Earn, and Earn's like, "What? I'm not gonna take that, what the heck, I'm not gonna just eat some random sandwich." And then and then I think a police car goes by, and Earn turns to look at it, and when he turns back the guy's like disappeared, like the jar of Nutella's still there. And then he looks out the door and the guy is leaving the bus, like already on the sidewalk with the same dog that was like on the sidewalk at the beginning of the episode. And so and then Earn is like, "Okay, that was weird." So then he starts typing a text to his girlfriend saying, "Hey, I love you, let's talk tonight?" And right as he right as he's about to send it, his brother Andrew, not his brother, his cousin Andrew, calls him on the phone and is like, "Yo, do you hear this right now?" And Earn is like, "No, I don't hear it." And then Andrew just turns up, he's like, he's in a car, and then he's tells his friend Darius like, "Yo, turn it up." And basically Paper Boy's playing over the radio, and Andrew's like, "Yo, you want to hang out right now?" And Earn's like, "Yeah, sure, I'll hang out." So then it cuts to a scene of Earn without the baby, so I'm pretty sure he must've dropped off the baby before, but Earn walking up to the parking lot that was in the same same place as in the beginning of the episode, walks up, gets in the car, and then he starts smoking, which is important because he wasn't smoking at the beginning when he was offered to smoke earlier in the episode, starts off smoking. And so it's his cousin Arthur in the driver's seat, him in the passenger seat, and then Darius in the back. And basically or at one point they see the white guy, the white guy comes up and is like, "Hey Earn, you were in the how'd you get into the studio today?" And Earn's like, "Well, I know people." And basically Earn is like, "Yo, tell that story about the party, like the Avicii party or whatever." And so the white guy starts telling the story, and as he finishes he finishes it by saying, "I pulled him over and said what's going on," and then leaves out the part, leaves out the n-word, like when he was telling the story to Earn he said the n-word at the end, but he leaves it out, and that was it was very obvious. And basically they like no one reacted to the story, and even Darius in the back was like, "I don't know, I kinda like Avicii, so that's like okay that they played him twice." And the white guy's like, "Yeah, I don't know why you made me tell that story, Earn." And Earn was like, "Yeah, I don't know." So that was it was pretty funny. But then then this girl walks by, and Arthur or Andrew, like the window, the window's open, he like gets out of the car, not gets out of the car but reaches his head out of the car, and is like, "Yo, listen to this song, like this is me playing on the radio, what's going on?" And she just she says like, "Fuck off or something." And so he's like, "What the heck, stupid stupid person, like stupid ass hoe or something like that," is like visibly angry, I don't know about what he said, but he's angry. And then he says something about how he hates the song Paper Boy, which is relatable because he's probably listened to it so many times, like by perfecting, and then also just listening to it by himself in the like in the production process. And he and then he turns off the radio. And then basically the girl, the guy comes up and smashes the window again, and it's the girl who he had tried to catcall before. And so I think they were like the boy and the girl were together, and so the guy smashes the the car window because not their window, the the side side rear view mirror, because he had tried to catcall his girlfriend or something, so like that was the reason. And then it just goes back to the same scene as in the beginning of the episode basically. And so it goes into and then then but this time it cuts to a scene of Van, I think it is Veer, whoever Earn's Earn's like wife or girlfriend or whoever. She comes back from her like business thing or like her date or whatever, and then that TV TV's on and the news is on. He goes in and and the news says how there's been a shooting outside of like a some sort of store, and there are two suspects, and it was Paper Boy and Earn, which is strange cause Darius was there with them, but like Darius wasn't implicated, it was just those two. And then it's and then Earn's girlfriend is like, "Idiot." And that's how the TV show ends or the episode ends.