Okay, so the episode began with a scene where someone had— it was a group of a group of guys in a car, and someone had just smashed the the mirror on the side of the car, the the side mirror. They all got out of the car, went up to the guy. There was some sort of confrontation over whether they were gonna pay for it or why it happened or something. And the whole time there was this one guy— it was the group of guys, three guys who were in the car, against two, a guy and a girl. And they're exchanging comments, being pretty rude. And then the main guy, who was sitting in the car whose window got broken, pulled out a gun and was pointing it at the guy who had broken the window. And then they all sort of pulled out guns. And then it went to an aerial shot, or actually first before that, one of the guys in the car turned and looked over and said, "I'm having mad deja vu," and looked over and saw this dog. And it was a bit of a confusing moment, just a random moment where the dog was sitting there. And then everyone went back to just talking, and the guy who had pulled out the gun was holding it up to the other guy who had broken his window, cocked the gun, and right as he's about to shoot, one of the people in the car said, "Wait." And then it cut to an aerial shot, and then the gun went off. And then it was just doing the intro for the TV show, I guess, where there's a bunch of aerial shots, it looked like it was from a drone. And then it started with a guy who was saying, "Wait," was in bed with— I don't know, I wasn't sure it was some girl who— with the relationship was unclear, I'm pretty sure. But he woke up, he was— he was listening to music with headphones, and she woke up, took his headphones off, and asked him why she was awake or why he was awake. And he said, "I was having this weird dream." And I first thought that was gonna be the dream from the intro, but it was a dream about that he was swimming in a pool, what he thought was the ocean, and there was a ton of seaweed, but it wasn't seaweed, it was people's hands. And some girl was who was swimming with him told him not to get too close to the seaweed slash hands, otherwise they'll pull you down. And he says something about how it represents society. And then she, the girl, asked who was the girl, what did— what did she look like. And he said, "She was fat and boring or something like that." And then they started making out, and she said, "Say you love me," and he just started laughing. And then she got really upset with that, and he was, "I was laughing because you always say that, and I always say, 'You know it's true,' and you always say, 'Of course.'" And so he— she got really mad. It was apparent that she was mad. She got up to go start getting ready in the bathroom. And then he went to another room down the hallway and was saying hello to— I presume their baby, and was talking with her. And then after that, he— they were talking, and she had a date later on that night, I don't know specifically what that was for, but he had to— I remember pick up from the child from daycare. But then he was— then what happened after that? At that point, I think he somehow he figured out about the song Paper Boy. Yeah. And then it cut to a scene of him at work, and his work— he was at an airport doing one of those things where he hands out— I think he was working, advertising a credit card company. And he was working with his friend, his name was Earnest, and he goes by Earn. And his friend was with him, I think his name's Swift, it was on his name tag. And so they were trying to hand out cards, and one the people passing were being very rude. And there was a lady across from them, I assume working at an opposing credit card company, who was getting a lot of people and was being really funny with the people she was getting to promote the credit card, obviously doing much better. But then anyways, his friend Swift— Earn's friend Swift— pulled up a video of this song called Paper Boy, Paper Boy by Paper Boy. It was a new up-and-coming song that was going viral. And Earn was, "That's my cousin actually." And Swift was, "One of the dancers, she's kinda thick." And he was, "No, no, the rapper, Paper Boy." And so he was blowing up. And so he went over to his parents' house to find out where Paper— where his cousin was. And his dad opened the door, and they're just, "Hi, how's it going." And then his dad did not want to let him in because he thought that he wanted money. And so he asked for where his cousin Alfred was, who was Paper Boy. And he told him he was at some place, I don't remember exactly where. And so he goes over to talk with Alfred. And he— he knocks on the door, or first it cuts to a scene of Alfred chilling in the in his home or apartment or whatever, and his friend whose— we forgot whose name is Darius— is getting milk out of the fridge and was, "This milk good to drink?" He smells it, and he's, "Is this milk good to use?" And Alfred's, "What do you wanna use it for?" And Darius was, "For drinking." And he's, "Nah, it's not good for use or not good for drinking." And then Earn knocks at the door. Alfred answers it with a gun pointed to him, and he was, "Jeez, calm down." And so he walks in, and Darius is behind one of the corners with a scarf around his face, bandana to cover his nose and mouth, a plate of cookies in one hand and knife in the other hand. And Alfred walks around the corner and is, "It's fine, it's just my cousin." And he's, "Okay." After that, he was, "Do you want a cookie?" So Earn takes a cookie, and they're talking about it. And Alfred basically suspects that Earn just wants some money because he hasn't talked to him in forever, and Paper Boy, his his song, is blowing up. And then Earn tells him no, he— he just wants to be his manager, he wants to be— he doesn't want a handout, he just actually wants to manage him. And so they go out, are sitting on some couch outside smoking, and Earn is getting upset that Alfred's not taking him seriously, and Alfred's just, "Yeah, I don't need a manager." And Darius is making most random comments on the side too. Like at one point they were talking about how Earn is broke and stuff like that, Earn's job is not going well, and somehow the topic of phones come up, having a rat phone. And then Darius, who's probably high out of his mind, is, "Yo, but if everyone had a rat phone, imagine how good that would be. Like that would be so inexpensive if there were five rats for every one human in New York City, and that would just be great for people like if you actually used live rats as phones." And it was very confusing. But then it cut to a scene of— there was some sort of allusion to that Earn has some sort of connections to people in the music industry somehow. And so it cuts to a scene of him going up to this guy in a parking lot, and the guy is getting out of his car with coffee and stuff and says, "Oh, hey, what's up." And it's clear they haven't seen each other in a long time, and he's, "Did you just come from the garbage can over there?" And Earn's, "No." And so then they— he's talking with him, he tells him some story about a party last night, and he keeps using the n-word. And it's very awkward, like it's deliberately cast the way the angles are shot and the way the camera focuses on Earn that it's very awkward for Earn to be hearing this white guy use the n-word all the time. And then Earn is asking him about getting in on the music industry— not music industry, but he owns a radio show or he's part of a radio show. And the guy's, "Yeah, no, it's a lotta money or something," or there's some sort of barrier that Earn can't really afford. And so he ends up walking into the studio, and Earn is outside watching him walk in. And then a garbage guy goes past, and he asks him, "Hey, has that guy ever said the n-word to you?" And the garbage guy's, "No way, not at all." And the garbage guy's name ends up being Prince. And so Prince later on lets Earn into the studio, lets him into the studio. And Earn has some CD with some money in it, the CD's of Paper Boy, and he puts it under of what I assume the the show's director or exec under his door so he can start playing the song over the radio. Like he goes past his the friend who he met who was saying the n-word and slides it under his door. And then it goes to a scene of Earn on the bus with his baby, I think it's his baby, and some guy in a suit is sitting across from him. And then he's, "There's a lot on your mind right now, right?" And then comes and sits next to him, and Earn takes off his headphones. And the guy starts saying all this inspirational stuff, very deep stuff, and is, "Resistance is the"— he says resistance is something about society or the byproduct of society not going right or it's not supposed to try and make society ideal, I don't know. It said something about that. And then he starts making this this Nutella sandwich, he just pulls out a jar of Nutella. And then he tells Earn, "In order to solve your problem, you should just let the path take you, like a broken branch going down a river, like in the current." And Earn is, "No, I don't really wanna role like that." And then he— and then he turns to him and is, "You have to eat this Nutella sandwich." And Earn was, "No, I'm not gonna take a bite of the Nutella sandwich." And then— and then I think a police car goes by, and Earn looks away for a second, and then when he looks back, the guy's gone. And the jar of Nutella's still there, but— and then he looks out the door, and the guy's walking outside the door with the same dog, I think the same dog from the beginning of the episode, like that little intro clip. And then right as he's about to call his girlfriend, I presume, or his wife or whatever, he name's Van, I think. He types in a text saying, "I love you, let's talk tonight?" but doesn't send it. But then he gets a call from Alfred, picks up, and Alfred's, "Yo, do you hear this?" And he's, "No, what is it?" And then Alfred's in a car, and then he turns it up, and he's, "It's my song playing over the radio or something. Do you wanna come meet?" And Alfred hangs up, and he ends up going to meet them at some gas station or something. And then he gets in the car, and he starts smoking with them, which is significant because earlier in the episode when he was trying to talk business and was trying to become Alfred's manager, he was, "Nah, I'm not smoking, I want business or something like that." And then so they're talking about Paper Boy, and he makes— then his friend who was being a dick to him and saying the n-word came up to him and was talking. And then Earn, in order to test him, said, "Yo, tell them that story about the club and how you pulled over the guy." And so this— he was at a party, he told them the story when they first met, he was saying the n-word. Basically he told him that he told the DJ, the DJ played some Flo Rida songs back to back, two Flo Rida songs back to back, and he didn't like that. And so he said the way he was telling the story, he's, "I told him, I pulled him off the stage, pulled him aside, and I was, 'Dude, what? This is not okay.'" And then n-word. And then when he said the story again for Earn's friends, he did not say the n-word. It was very clear there was that difference. And Earn was, "Okay, just to make sure." And then he left. And then they were talking about music, and Alfred was, "I actually— I actually hate the song Paper Boy. It's getting on my nerves," hinting at something, I'm not sure. But then he looked out the window, or before he said that, he looked out the window, and a girl past by and was catcalling her. And he was, "Yo, this is our song playing on the radio." And she's, "I don't wanna be a part of it." And so then he looked back and was, "Yeah, I actually hate this song," and turned off the radio. And then the girl's who I presume presume is boyfriend came up and smashed the car window, which takes us back to the beginning of the show, what happened in the show. And then Alfred was about to— he was freaking out, he was, "What the heck is happening?" So he was gonna grab a gun from the glove compartment, and Earn, who was sitting in the passenger seat, was, "No, no, don't do it. This is not worth it, think about the money or something like that." And so Alfred ignores him, gets out of the car. And then I think that Earn grabs the gun out of the the glove compartment and goes, and that's how the beginning of the show started, which is really cool tracing back to what happened in the beginning. Moving to end.