Okay, so the episode starts where they're in a parking lot outside of a—I don't know, twenty-four hour service thing. The main character's Earn, I think. And he's in a car with Paper Boy, who's his cousin named Alfred. The—Paper Boy is his rapper name. And they get into a fight because someone knocks the mirror, the side mirror, off the car. And so they get out of the car and they start arguing about it. And they all take out their guns as if they're gonna shoot one another. And then it kind of—the camera angle zooms out, we see it from above, then you see a shot go off. Then it changes and the episode starts there kind of. And it has an eagle eye view of traffic, and I think it's—maybe they're in LA or something. And then it fast forwards to the main character, Earn, waking up in bed with his partner. I don't remember her name, but at first I thought they were dating, but I think that they either were dating or married but now they're not. And he's just living there because he needs some place to stay, and they have a kid together. So he is awake listening to music when she turns over and takes the headphones off of his head. And then they start to make out, and she says, "Tell me that you love me." And he laughs, kind of, and just says, "Okay." And then she gets really mad at him for not just saying, "I love you," back. And so she gets out of bed and starts to get ready. And so Earn gets up too, and goes and picks up his daughter who's in the room over. And then the—his—the wife or ex-girlfriend, I forget her name, says that if he's gonna keep staying here, then he needs to pay rent. And he says that he'll get money to her by tonight. And then he asks when she's gonna get home. And she says that she's not gonna be home 'til eleven because of a date. And I think he's pretty surprised that she is seeing other people. So then after this scene in their house, it flashes to him, Earn, at work. And I think he is working at the airport, trying to sell—I don't know, probably some type of membership or something for a specific airline. He's with his friend, working. And his friend—coworker starts talking about this—the new song, Paper Boy, and how it's gonna be a big hit. And Earn basically was like, "Oh, well that's my cousin." He's gonna try and get in on the money also. And right now they're—they also talked about—they're joking about how they wish they were old women 'cause they could sell the membership better. 'Cause the the other coworker, an old grandma-looking person who's kind of flirting with a young guy to get him to get the membership, and it's working. So then after that, it flashes—he leaves work and goes to his cousin's house, Play Boy or Alfred. And so Alfred is in his house with—I think Daren is the name of his friend who's living in his house. And Daren asks if the milk is okay to drink. He says, "No." And then they hear a knock on the door, which is Earn. And he grabs his gun and and opens the door and sticks the gun out the door just in case. It's Earn, so then he lets Earn in. And Daren was also waiting with a plate of cookies and a knife if—in case it was an intruder, I guess. And Earn tells Play Boy that he wants to be his manager. And Play Boy basically says no, 'cause he's just gonna be helping Earn out. It's not Earn helping him out, 'cause he's like, "Don't you have a kid and a messed up relationship and you're broke and basically homeless?" And then they—Play Boy and Daren are like, "Oh crap, it's four thirty, we're late." And then it flashes to them just sitting on a random couch in the middle of lawn outside, smoking weed. So I guess that's what they were late for. And then they're talking. Earn is still trying to convince him to be his manager—let him be his manager. And saying that he has all these connections and he can make it happen. And Earn basically just says, "No, the last time you talked to me was at my mom's funeral, and you haven't talked to me since, and now you're just—the first thing you say after my mom's funeral was, 'Let's get rich.'" And kinda tells him to fuck off. And after that, I think Earn goes to his parents' house. And it's pretty clear that his parents and him have a tense relationship because they know that Earn is always just asking for money, and probably doesn't have a job still or something like that. Because they don't even let him inside the house. And Earn is like, "What? You think that I'm just here for money?" And they're both like, "Yup, you definitely do." And so then, kind of forgetting the order what happens after that. Oh, then I think Earn goes to—it shows him walking into a parking lot. And he on purpose but accidentally runs into his friend who works at a radio station, 'cause he's gonna try to get his friend to play Play Boy's new song on the radio to show proof to Play Boy that he can get stuff done and be a good manager. And so he runs into this guy, I forget what his name is too. He's white and kind of stereotypical privileged male it seems. And they have a short conversation. And the white guy was saying to Earn, "Oh, if I had known you were in town, I would've invited you to this party that I went to last night." And then tells him a story about how the DJ played two Flo Rida songs back to back. And so he had to go—he went up to the DJ and was like, "Yo, that's not cool. Really, nigga?" And Earn is quite taken aback that he said that to the DJ. And then he basically tried to convince him to play the Play Boy song. But he said that he need five hundred dollars in order to play a song on the radio. So that—he cannot help Earn out unless he pays. And then as he's—Earn is saying bye to him, he sees what seems to be the custodian, or the janitor of the building. And then introduces himself and basically gets an in with the building. And so then it shows him coming back to the radio station after getting money that was hidden in his shoes, his Jordan shoes or something. And he slips the CD with the song and all the money under the boss's door. And then—so then they play it on the radio. And meanwhile, I think next it shows Play Boy and his sidekick, Daren, pulling up to—I don't know what house it was. But Daren—Earn's parents were there with his daughter. And Play Boy is just asking Earn's dad if he's legit, if he could really—he could actually manage to be a good manager. And his dad says, "Well I get why you wouldn't trust him, but he has a really good drive, and when he wants something, he'll get it done." So I think that kinda convinces Play Boy to let him be his manager. And then I think what happened next is that it shows Earn with his daughter on the public bus, walking—I mean, just sitting on the bus at night going home. And he's listening to music, and his daughter's splayed out on his lap, asleep. And there's this weird man across from him who interrupts Earn's thoughts and says, "Your mind is racing," or something. And takes it as the initiative to go sit down next to Earn. And it's a little confusing as to whether it's a real person or some figment of Earn's imagination. But this guy is dressed in a cashmere—not a cashmere, a suede—not suede, just a brown suite. And he takes out a tub of Nutella and starts making a sandwich with white bread and Nutella, and just talking to Earn about what's wrong. And Earn says he just feels like he is always losing, and maybe he's only put on earth to make it easier for the winners to win. And I forget what type of—what exactly the advice was that the strange man gave, but it was something like, "Well that's the situation that it is right now, but that doesn't mean that's how your situation should be." And then he tries to insist that Earn takes a bite of his Nutella white bread sandwich, which is just kinda weird. And Earn says, "No thanks man, I'm good." And then the bus stops really suddenly. And when Earn—he turns his head to see what happened, looks to the front of the bus. And when he looks back, the guy has somehow strangely gotten off the bus super fast, and he left his Nutella there. But he sees that the man is with this dog. And I forgot to mention this, but at the very very beginning of the episode when they were in the parking lot with Play Boy, there was a dog. And Daren, I think, was there too. And he was like, "Man, I'm getting such weird—" what's it called, I don't know. He just said that he could—oh, deja vu, he was getting deja vu from seeing this dog. And so back to the where we are at now in the episode with him on the bus and the guy leaving. He sees this guy with that dog that he saw at the very beginning of the episode there. So there's some weird connection there, I'm not really sure what it was. But Earn was kinda freaked out by that. And then, so while Earn's on the bus, he's about to text his partner slash ex-girlfriend—person he has a baby with, saying, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And while he's about to send it, Play Boy—Alfred calls him and says, "Do you hear the the radio? They're playing my song, come and we'll talk." And basically confirms that Earn can be his manager. So Earn's happy, and I think he drops his kid off at the parents' house, we don't see that. But it basically shows Earn back at that parking lot that we see at the very beginning of the episode. And he gets in the car with Play Boy and Daren. And they're smoking and this song is playing on the radio. And so they basically tell Earn that he can be Play Boy's manager. And then Earn's friend from the radio station who—the white, privileged, annoying guy—somehow shows up. And Earn tells him to tell the story about the DJ and the Flo Rida story to them. And so he does, and he leaves out the part where he asks the DJ, "Really nigga?" He just says, "Really?" which—I'm not sure why he changed it and neither does Earn. But then that guy leaves. And then I'm—I didn't really fully understand what happened, but basically at this point it goes—it's a replay of what happened at the very beginning of the episode with someone coming by—walking by their door smashes off the side view mirror. And they get out of the car with their guns. And so then it cuts there to Earn's partner—ex-girlfriend walking into their house what—from what seems like she's coming back from her date. And Earn's mom leaves, and says that she left the—their daughter's sleeping in there, and that she doesn't know where Earn is. He's doing business or something. So then the ex-girlfriend slash partner walks into the living room. The TV's on, and it just—then the camera's on the TV, and you see the news going. And it says that there's been a shooting, and that the two suspects are being held. And it shows Earn's high school photo and Alfred's picture as well. And that's where the show ends with the ex-girlfriend partner person just saying, "Those idiots," and yeah.