The episode begins with Paper Boy's car getting—a man comes up and kicks his rear—his side window off his car. And he hops out of the car with his manager, Earnst, and Darius, and they chase after the guy and—for him to pay for the damages. But the man calls—the man said he can pay for it 'cause he's rich, 'cause he's Paper Boy. But Earnst says they're both broke. And then, all the sudden, Paper Boy pulls out his gun and puts it up to the man's chest. And then the other—the guy who kicked down his window, or his rear view mirror, or whatever also shows his gun, and Earnst also shows a gun. And then that scene ends with an aerial view of someone getting shot, it's not really clear who shot who, but assuming it was Paper Boy shooting the guy who kicked down his mirror. And then, after that, it transitions into some aerial views of Atlanta. And then we see kind of a horizon view of the city with white font that says "Atlanta." And then it goes into Earnst being in bed with his daughter's mom. He's listening to music, and she hits his headphones, and she's like, "Why are you up?" And he says he had a dream. And he describes how these hands were trying to grab him. And this girl in his dream is saying, "You have to swim above the hands," so he's telling him that. And the girl immediately goes, "Who's the girl?" And he says—or Earnst says, "She was fat and I talked to her—boring." And then the girl goes—and then he goes, "Are you jealous?" And she says, "Well because you say she's fat and unattractive and dull, but you turn out making out with her." And he said, "I didn't even say I was making out with her." And then she asks, "Were you making out with her?" And he says, "Yes." And then they start making out. And then they get up, and he goes to his daughter and says, "Oh no, she's awake. The world's gonna die of your cuteness," or something. And he picks her up—her name's Lottie—and he's holding her, and his baby mama's talking. And she says that he needs to pick Lottie up tonight. And she doesn't want him—or she doesn't want Lottie at his parents' house because she lives at their house. And Earnst says, "Okay," and he pretends that he remembers he was supposed to have his daughter that night. And then she tells him she's going on a date with some guy. And he's holding up his daughter, kinda talking to her, and he says, "Your mom's going on a date with some corny dude. Yeah, this is a great environment for you." And then it transitions into a new scene, where Earnst is at work, presumably at an airport, selling something to people walking by. And he's talking to the guy with him. The guy takes a picture of him and says, "When you're high at work." And Earnst was talking about how he can't sell anything and he's practically broke and owes rent to tonight to his baby mama because he can't sell, because he's not an old lady. And then we see one of the other representatives talking to a younger man and successfully selling him something because he's supposedly flirting with her. And Earnst and his associate are watching her jealously. And Earnst's associate shows him a video of Paper Boy, who Earnst realizes is his cousin. They're watching a music video on his associate's cracked screen. And his associate tells him that he needs to get on that before he gets signed. And then we transition into another scene, where Earnst is on his parents' front porch. His dad won't let him into the house because he quote "can't afford it," because every time Earnst comes around he's always asking for money. And he says, "That's not true." And his dad talks about how he's supposed to be smart but he can't even flush his own toilet. And then he ends with closing the door. No, Earnst asks them to pick up Lottie because he's going to get a job, presumably being he's gonna he got the idea to manage Paper Boy, who's his cousin. And then the scene ends with his dad shutting his door and not letting Earnst inside, saying, "I love you, son." And then it transitions again, Earnst is at Paper Boy's house, and he knocks. And they open the door with a gun to his face. And Paper Boy realizes it's Earnst, and he opens the door and lets him in. But Darius is behind the wall with cookies and a knife. But Paper Boy tells him—he goes—he tells Earnst that this is Darius. And Darius puts down the knife and offers him a cookie. And then they go and sit on the couch, and Earnst proposes that he wants to be his manager, that he's not just asking for money. And Paper Boy basically tells him he doesn't need a manager, he does what he wants. And then Darius, all the sudden, says, "It's our thirty." And they go, "Oh, we're late." And it transitions to all three of them sitting on a couch that—being Earnst, Paper Boy, and Darius—and they're smoking weed. And Earnst basically says that he's—Paper Boy's not gonna make any money because he's not white, he's older, and he's not selling sex. And then Paper Boy argues that he does sell sex, and then plays him track twenty-eight, which is talking about massaging or something. And then, anyways we transition into a new scene where Earnst is in a parking lot, hiding behind a dumpster at a radio station. And he walks up to one of the guys who works there. He's talking to him, and the guy's name is Dave. He tells him a story about how there was a radio station party, and the DJ was playing Flo Rida, or something. And he had to pull him aside and tell him, "Really?" Except when he's telling Earnst this story, he uses the n-word, which—Earnst kinda gives him a confused look 'cause he didn't like that. And he asks if he could play Paper Boy on the radio station. And basically Dave was like, "You're just some man on the street, I'm not gonna do that for you. You have to pay five hundred dollars blah blah blah to get the radio head, TP, to play your song." And then Dave goes inside, and he greets a couple people outside. And he's like, "What's up, my bros?" or something like that, and shakes all their hands and goes and starts to walk inside again. And Earnst sees a janitor named Prince. And he asks him if—he points at Dave, and he says, "Does that guy ever say the n-word around you?" And he says, "No, or else I'd put my foot up his butt." And Earnst goes, "Yeah, of course," or something like that. And then we get a transition back again to Paper Boy pulling up to Earnst's parents' house. And he's talking about how he wants to manage him, but he doesn't trust him. And his dad's like, "Yeah, that's fair." And then Darius asks Earnst's dad if he can measure his tree. And he says, "Not right now," and Darius is upset about that. And then Paper Boy asks if he can see Lottie. And Earnst's mom is like, "No, she's getting the contact high from here." And then it transitions yet again to a scene where Earnst is pulling money out of a shoebox. And he goes to the radio station with a mixtape of Paper Boy's song, and he goes in and he sees Dave. And Dave's making motions to have him, but Earnst just goes straight to TP's door. And TK—I think his name was TP—and he slides the mixtape and money under the door. And then it transitions to him with Lottie on the subway, or a tram—I think it was actually a bus 'cause they were outside, you could see the street from the windows. And on the bus, he's listening to music. And his daughter's listening to music as well, she has pink headphones with crown on top of them. While he was on the bus, this odd guy who was sitting—who was originally sitting across from him, and comes and sits next to him. And he's talking about some philosophy type stuff, and Earnst doesn't really like what he's saying. And the guy is spreading Nutella across bread, and he tells Earnst to take a bite at it—at the sandwich. And Earnst says, "Nah, I'm good." And then he goes, "You need to take a bite out of this sandwich," really aggressively. But then a police car drives by the bus, and then Earnst turns his head. And when he turns back, the Nutella is just sitting on the seat and the man's off the bus. Then he looks out the window and he sees the man walking with the dog that was seen in the first scene when Paper Boy shoots the guy who kicked down his window or his mirror. And then he gets a call from Alfred, which is Paper Boy, who is listening to his song on the radio that Earnst successfully got the radio manager to play. And he says, "You need to come and talk." And Earnst says, "About manager stuff?" And he says, "No, about boy, you need to chill out." And then it transitions into another scene, he's without Lottie this time, assuming he went home and dropped her off or something. And then he walks up to Paper Boy's car. And they offer him a blunt, and he takes it and hits it twice. They're all sitting in a car, and Earnst's door is kinda open. And Dave comes up to the door and is talking to all of them. And he was like, "Yeah, TP's pissed." And Earnst says, "He must not be that mad because the song's playing." Dave kinda looks at them, and Earnst says something about how Dave has good music taste. And then he transitions into a conversation about the Flo Rida story that he heard earlier. Then Dave tells the same story and except he excludes the word the n-word this time. And Darius, in the back, seat goes, "I don't get it, I kinda like Flo Rida. Moms need to enjoy rap," or something like that. And then Dave kinda leaves. And Earnst is sitting in the front seat, and he goes, "Man, this is a good song." And Paper Boy goes, "I don't really like it." He turns it completely down, shuts off the radio. And then the guy comes up and kicks off the window. And we see we see Paper Boy reach for the glove box and try to grab a gun. And Earnst says, "Don't mess with the money." And they all get out of the car and chase after that guy, but it doesn't play the scene where he shoots him. It instead transitions into his baby mama coming home to Earnst's mom. And she tells him—or she tells her that Earnst is out getting a job or business right now. And the mom walks in and takes off her shoes. And the TV is playing in the background with a news report. And she's, you know, she's starting to, you know, unravel from her night." And then it says, "Two suspects, Paper Boy and his manager, Earnst." And it shows both of their pictures on the TV. And we see we see his baby mama look at the screen, and she's like, "What idiots," and then it ends.