So the episode begins at some parking lot in front of, I believe, a nightclub. There are three people, and they both seem pretty stoned. They're arguing with another group of people, a guy and a girl, over a broken side-view mirror of a car. The argument sort of heats up, and they're sort of talking about things. One of the guys, who we later learned the name is Alfred—he's the one who's kind of mad about the side-view mirror being broken. He's asking for money, and Earnest, who's one of the other guys, he's—he sort of trying to be the voice of reason, telling, telling Alfred to calm down, that's not that important. It sort of slips out of Alfred's mouth that his name is Paper Boy, which is sort of an up-and-coming rapper who sort of everyone on the street knows about in Atlanta. And they sort of make a joke that, "Oh man, you're Paper Boy, you don't really need the money from me to fix the mirror." And it sort of heats up a little bit to a point where Alfred takes out a gun and points it at, at the guy who broke his side-view mirror of his car. And then, and then Earnest takes out his gun and sort of tries to calm things down, but then the guy who—the guy who broke the mirror then pulls up his shirt and shows that he has a gun. But then there's this other guy who's probably the most stoned out of all of them. He's stoned as fuck, sort of looks in the distance and sees this dog and has this weird déjà vu moment that he's lived his whole experience before. He sees this dog in the background. It's all kind of confusing. And then there is this top-down pan shot, and from the top scene you sort of see kind of zoom out from the parking lot, and you ultimately see that Alfred eventually does fire the gun. And then, yeah, and then it starts the theme song for Atlanta, opening title scene and stuff. And then it starts off with, with Earnest, who wakes up listening to music pretty early in the morning, wakes up his partner who seems to have a weird, ambiguous relationship with him. He wakes up and starts recounting the dream where he's swimming, and there's this seaweed in the place that he's swimming in, and but it's not actually seaweed, it's hands. And he's swimming with this chick who, who says that, "You have to constantly swim above the seaweed 'cause 'cause they're actually hands, and if he doesn't swim above them, they will grab him and he'll die." And then the girl's like, "Wow, that's deep." And then, and then she's like, "What does this girl look like?" And he's like, "Oh, she was fat and uninteresting." And she's like, "Well, why did you make out with her?" And Earnest, who's played by Childish Gambino's like Donald Glover's like, "I wasn't, I didn't say I made out with her." And then she's like, "Did you?" And he's like, "Yeah, I did make out with her." And he sort of jokes and says that, "You know, are you jealous?" They start—well, Earnest then tries making out with his partner. She sort of pushes back 'cause she says her breath is stinky. Earnest is like, "Oh, is that curry or something like that?" And she's like, "No, what are you talking about?" And he sort of says that he loves it. It sort of goes and goes, and she starts—he starts kissing her neck, and then she sort of stops him and says, "Tell me that you can—you tell me that you love me." And then Earnest laughs, and she kind of gets mad and asks, "Why are you laughing?" And Earnest replies, "Well, it's 'cause of course I love you." And, and then she says, "Well, why can't you just say that you love me?" And then Earnest says, "I love you," in sort of disingenuine way and sort of laughs a little bit or has this kind of awkward smile. And then, and then she pushes him off and gets ready. So as she's getting ready, he's asking her about her day. She talks about how she has a parent-teacher conference meeting, so I'm assuming that she's a teacher somewhere. And then she says that she'll be home at eleven. And then sort of Earnest is walking down the hall and sees a little baby, a toddler, maybe one or two years old, that we soon learn that is Earnest's daughter. She's the mom, so that sort of brings the question of the relationship because they're not married and Earnest is staying with her, but they're both the parents. Anyways, the little girl is staying over at Earnest's parents' for the day, and Earnest has to go pick her up, which she's unaware of. And Earnest's partner, she says that she won't be home until eleven PM, and Earnest is like, "That's kind of late for parent-teacher conferences." And she says that it's 'cause that she's going on a date with someone, which I guess, yeah, further brings the question of the nature of the relationship between Earnest and, and his partner, 'cause they're both the parents of said child, but, but you know, and they're sleeping together, and she wants him to say "I love you," and clearly they have a lot of romantic interest going on, and they're not actively fighting over something, but it's, it's not sort of an actual relationship in a traditional sense, I guess. So, so yeah, that sort of what happens. And then she notifies Earnest that, if he wants to continue living with him, Earnest has to find money for the rent. And Earnest realizes that, "Oh shit, I don't really have any money, I don't have a job right now." And, and yeah, it sort of goes to that. Then it flashes the airport where Earnest has a day job, I think, trying to sign people up for some airline credit card. He's having a really bad time at—he's not really good. There's this older lady who's flirting with all the young men and getting them to sign up, and Earnest is pretty disenchanted. He's trying to get the money to, to sort of pay rent. He's with this other guy, and they're sort of chiding along, joking around, kind of sad about the fact that they are highly unable to get sort of, you know, people to sign up for the card. Maybe they're paid by commission or something like that. And, you know, in that sense, nothing really works out. But then the guy that Earnest is with—the two people are trying to sign up people for the airline credit card—he sort of takes the picture of Earnest and sends a Snapchat or something, and then brings up Paper Boy, which is this up-and-coming rapper on the streets of Atlanta, pretty popular. And then shows him a little, homemade music video that Paper Boy has made. And, and then Earnest is like, "Wait, that's my cousin." And the guy who's working with him assumes that he's talking about this girl in the video and says something like, "Damn, she's thick as fuck." But Earnest is like, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." And, and the guy's like, "Damn, that's pretty awesome. This guy's—he has to be signed soon 'cause he's so good, he's gonna make millions." And then I guess Earnest sort of gets the idea that some how for the rent money he needs to, needs to sort of think about that. And then, you know, and then he gets the idea to go and talk to his cousin. But first, he then he decides to leave to go talk to his cousin—we're assuming—but first he goes to his parents' place, and his dad opens the door and he's like, "Hey, son." And then they sort of talk. You can tell that there's some sort of strange relationship. His dad automatically assumes that he's there to ask for money, so Earnest sort of talks to his dad at the door. And then his mom, through the screen window, sort of talking about how Earnest has sort of lost a lot of opportunities, doesn't have any money, and also they're talking about a big poop that Earnest took in the house. And Earnest is like, "It wasn't me." And his mom is like, "I checked." And she's sort of worried about the type of food that Earnest is eating, like candy and cookies and stuff, and nothing like healthy or actual food related. So Earnest is like, "Can I come in?" And he's like, "I can't afford that, I'm not gonna give you money." He's like, "I don't, I don't need money." So ultimately that sort of how that, how that conversation plays out. Earnest doesn't get anything from his parents. He's clearly there's something up, and nothing really works out. And so then Earnest leaves. And then switches to a scene where we see Paper Boy, or Alfred, I think that's his name, playing video games, and his friend is in the fridge looking for milk, but the milk is really gross. And he goes up to ask him, "Hey, is this milk good?" And Alfred's like, "What do you wanna do with it?" And the guy's like, "I want it for drinking." And Alfred's like, "Nah man, that's not good for drinking." So yeah, he doesn't drink the milk, sort of plays video games. And then the door knocks, and then Alfred and his friend, they both look at the door and they're like, "What's going on?" So then it's Earnest staying outside the door. Alfred opens the door just a tiny little bit and sticks a gun out, and they make some kind of joke, and then they let Earnest in. Alfred lets Earnest in. They head in. Alfred's like companion is hiding behind some corner with a knife and a bandana over his face, holding a plate of cookies, walks in. Alfred says like, "It's all good." And then Earnest sees the guy with the knife in the bandana, and he's like, "What the fuck's going on?" But then he offers a cookie, and it's all good. He takes a cookie, and then they sit down, and then sort of start talking about how Alfred, or Paper Boy, aka Paper Boy's sort of up-and-coming as a rapper, and sort of talk about how he doesn't have a manager yet. And then Earnest says like, "Oh, I could be your manager." And then sort of Alfred sort of rejects the idea 'cause he's like, "Well, what have you ever done that's good?" And then they go outside where they start smoking some weed. Alfred and his friend pass a joint along. He offers some to Earnest, but he doesn't take any, and they sort of joke about that that, "Managers aren't supposed to smoke." So they're sort of talking about stuff and sort of tests, and, you know, I guess Earnest is continually trying to persuade Alfred that he would be a good manager for him. And then, you know, Alfred's sort of pushing that away. And then it comes to a joke about, Alfred's friend's sperm count or how he's unable to have kids 'cause something's fucked up with his testicles. Anyways, the scene ends with that, and they sort of, sort of head back to the apartment, and Earnest is like, "Please, can you help me out? I need it." And then Alfred's like, "Man, what are you talking about? The last time I saw you, you were at my mom's funeral, and now you're coming back telling me that we can make money." Sort of sensing royalty problems that might come with Earnest, and sort of ends at that. And Earnest is unsuccessful. And then the next scene is Earnest talking to this white guy in front of this radio studio that plays music. The white guy tells a story about him at a party, asks Earnest if he came out of a dumpster, which he didn't. And, and this white, this white dude, he's just telling this story about him at a party, and the DJ's playing Flo Rida twice. And then he talks about using the N-word. And then Earnest is like, "Did you actually use that word?" And he's like, "Yeah, of course." And then he sort of enters the—he sort of brings up the idea of, "Hey, I wanna manage Paper Boy." And he's like, "Can you help me out?" And the guy's like, "No, this business is hard, I don't think you're up for it." Sort of enters the building. Then there's this black janitor who comes by, and then Earnest asks like, "Hey, has he ever used the N-word with you before?" And like that guy's like, "No, I would like shove my foot up his mouth and kick his ass." And then his name is Prince, and they like sort of like bond over that. And he like asks him how late he's gonna be there, in which case like he's like, "Yeah, I'll be there, I'll be there pretty late." And then he like sort of, sort of strikes a deal with, with Earnest, like sort of let him in later in the night. So then the scene, I think, pans to Earnest's parents' place again, in which case Alfred drives up in his car and sees his dad, makes some chatty remarks to see if he can talk to Earnest's daughter. And his mom's like, "Hell no, you gotta get away." Alfred's friend makes some remark to Earnest's dad, I guess Alfred's uncle, about if he can measure his tree. And the dad's like, "No, you can't fucking measure my tree, not right now." And the guy's like, "Not right now," that basically means no. Anyways, so then Alfred's just bringing up the fact that Earnest offered to manage him. And the dad's like, "Well, the thing that I realize about Earnest is when he does things, he does things on his own terms." And then it sort of flashes to Earnest sneaking into the radio studio with, I presume, a CD of Paper Boy's stuff, and also some cash in it that he takes out of a shoebox with some J's, with some, some Air Jordans. And then he's like slides it under the door, and this white guy was sort of looking at him the whole time, slides it under the door, and then he leaves. And then you see him on a bus, just like feeling kinda disheartened about everything. He has his daughter sleeping in his lap, and then there's this guy sitting across from him on the bus, and he's like—and then he like says something that he can't hear 'cause he has his headphones in, moves across, and starts giving this speech. As he's making, as he's giving the speech, he like he's making this Nutella sandwich. And Earnest starts talking about the fact that, like he's destined to fail, and like he's always supposed to be a failure because in this world there has to be people always fail to balance out the people who always win. And like, then this guy like gives advice about the people who succeed are the ones who don't take failures as failures. And then he makes this sandwich with white bread and Nutella, and he like tries to make Earnest take a bite of the sandwich. Earnest is like, "No, I'm good." And then, and then the guy leaves, gets off the bus. Earnest looks out and sort of sees him walking to these trees with this dog, the same dog that you see in the very beginning of the episode. I don't really understand the symbolism there. But at that moment, Earnest is thinking about texting his partner, which he has a really weird relationship with in the very beginning, it's like kinda weird. He says something along the lines of, "I love you, can we talk later tonight?" And he's thinking about sending it, but just as he's about to send it, Alfred calls. And he's like, "What's up, Alfred?" And he's like, "Listen to the radio." And Alfred's in this car just chilling out, sees that, sees that his song is playing on the radio, which is obviously Earnest's doing because he went to the radio station and like snuck that CD in. And he's feeling like super good, and Earnest like starts smiling. The next scene is Earnest showing up to the storefront that we see in the beginning of the episode and sort of saying hi. Alfred being like, "Yo, what up? His daughter's gone." So I presume that he like took his daughter home first. So at this point, Alfred offers Earnest the joint. He didn't take it in the beginning if you remember, but this time he like yields and decides to take a few hits from it. And then either like feeling really good about everything. And then the white guy from the radio station shows up. He's like, "Hey, what's up? Like Earnest, that was really unprofessional." And he's like, "How did you get in there?" And Earnest is like, "You know, I know some people around, I can do what I gotta do." And then sort of talks about like, talks to Alfred, Paper Boy, "Hey, your song's really good." And then Earnest like brings up the Flo Rida story, in which when he first recounted it the white guy used the N-word, and this time he tells it, he doesn't use the N-word. And then the guy in the back's like, "I really like Flo Rida." And he's like, "Oh yeah, of course, I'm so sorry." Sort of humiliates the white guy. It's super funny, but they're all feeling really good. Alfred from the driver's seat of the car catcalls someone and gets a bad response, so he gets kind of mad. Then this guy comes up and breaks his side-view mirror, the same guy who we see a confrontation with from the beginning. And then Alfred runs out to confront this guy. Earnest opens the glove compartment of the driver's side and sees that there's a gun, takes it, and sort of tries to diffuse the situation because he knows there's a lot on the line right now. At this point, we pan to the house that Earnest wakes up in with his partner. His partner gets home from the date and sees on the news that there's been a shooting and that Alfred and Earnest are the two suspects in custody. And it ends with her saying like, "Those idiots." And sort of that's how the episode ends.