Okay, so from the last episode, I don't remember the name of the main character, but I do know that in real life he is Childish Gambino, and the— or maybe it'll come back to me once I start talking. But at the beginning of the episode, it started off with the flashback or a foreshadowing of what's gonna happen at the end of the episode. It was the friends at in front of the gas station at night, and there is a gunshot that went off. So as a audience member, you didn't really know what was going on, and we hadn't really met the characters yet. And then we— it goes back to the main character, and I think his wife Fran, but they're not married. But so they wake up in bed in the morning, and they're talking about saying, "I love you," and Fran wants the guy to say, "I love you," to him or to her, but he doesn't say it very often. I think it's Arwin, yeah, Arwin is his name. And then but it seems they're a couple and they're married, and then you find out that they have a child together, but they're not together together because Fran is asking him about his dream that he had of another woman, and Fran is also asking Arwin if he can take the baby tonight because she has another date to go to. So the relationship just seems kind of complicated, and Fran seems annoyed that Arwin— just for the sake of names, I'm just gonna call him Arwin even though I'm just not sure if that's right. Earn, it was Earn, I know it's for sure Earn. If Earn can take the baby, and then you kind of figure out that Earn is not doing very well financially because he doesn't have a job. He's a full grown adult and still relying on his friends and family members to support him. He first— he decides he needs to get money because he told Fran that he would pay for rent that afternoon, that night. So he first goes to his parents' house, and he asks them for money, and his parents are sick of bailing them out all the time or bailing Earn out all the time, so he doesn't do that. So then he goes to work, and he hears about this song, "Paper Boy," and he realizes that his cousin sings "Paper Boy" and has potential to need a manager, so that could be a really good job for Earn. So he goes and sees his cousin, and at first it's a little— the cousin, it seems doesn't— lives in kind of a more dangerous neighborhood because when Earn comes to the door, he opens the door with a gun in his face. And then he walks around the corner, his friend Darius points a knife at him, and then they have a little conversation. First the cousin tells Earn no because they have not talked in a while and they don't have a good relationship, so Earn leaves. And he goes to the radio station to try and convince the cousin that he'd be a good manager, and he gets the radio station to play the song "Paper Boy" on the radio. And once Earn hears— once the cousin hears that, he decides that Earn actually would be a pretty good manager for him. So the next thing that I think then happens is when Earn is going on the bus with his child, he is sitting across from this man, and the man is kind of odd, and he tries to get Earn to take a bite of his sandwich, and Earn thinks this is pretty weird, so he doesn't take a bite of the sandwich obviously. And then when the bus stops, when Earn looks over, he realizes that the man vanished, and he sees the man and a dog outside the bus. Once the bus starts to drive away, he also hears some sirens, so this is a little bit strange. And then the beginning of the episode, at the gas station scene, we remember that there is a dog at the scene of the crime or whatever happened at the gas station, and it's the same dog that was with the man, so I think there's some sort of connection there. So when Earn gets the call from his cousin, he goes to meet him at the gas station. He drops off the baby at his parents' house, so they're sitting in the car with the cousin and Darius listening to "Paper Boy" on full blast at night outside the gas station, and they're smoking. And so they're all— at least the cousin and Darius are pretty high, and they're talking about the future. And then the radio station guy, the white guy, he comes up and says, "Hi," to them. He seems a little intimidated because he's alone and there's three of them, and Earn tries to get him to tell the funny joke, but it's not actually funny, and he just wants— I think Dave is his name— to make fun of him, Dave, to get made fun of because his joke isn't funny. And Darius— not Darius, Earn also doesn't like this guy, Dave, because he uses the n-word, and it's really inappropriate and mean to say to them cause he's white. In the next portion, some person walks by the car and hits the mirror, and so obviously this makes Earn's cousin really really angry. So he gets up, and at first he tries to grab the gun, but Earn doesn't let him grab the gun, but he still opens the car door and storms off into the gas station— not into the gas station but outside of the car after these people and starts yelling at them. And it looks like the situation is gonna turn violent, so Darius also follows, and Earn gets out of the car because he's worried about his cousin's safety. They just got a good deal for the manager, and Earn's life could be turning around, he hopes, so he doesn't want his cousin to mess this up. So he— I think he grabs the gun and puts it in his pants, but I don't think that he's gonna plan on using it until what we saw from the beginning finally catches up from to the end. And so the gunshot fires, but we still don't know the details of what happened. I think that's gonna be explained in the next episode, but what we do know is when Fran gets home from her date night or whatever, and she picks up the baby, and she turns on the news, and she sees that Earn's mugshot and his cousin who sings "Paper Boy"'s mugshot is on the TV screen on the news saying that they've been arrested and they're suspects of the shooting outside a gas station. So obviously this is very concerning for Fran, and she's really sick of having to deal with all Earn's mistakes and and take care of him, so she's really angry to hear this. And then the episode ends, and nothing really happens. One another thing that I wanted to add is how Earn is really struggling on becoming an adult. He's still relying on all of his friends and family for money, he doesn't have a stable job, and this is kinda making everyone around him not like him. And I wonder if the relationship between Fran and Earn is gonna— is gonna continue because it kinda seems Earn is just using Fran a little bit for a place to live and because they have a baby together, but it doesn't really make sense to me why— why they're still together if there's another reason because.