So Earnest, Paper Boy, and Darius are standing in front of a liquor store. And they get into a fight with another two people—one woman and, I'm assuming, her boyfriend—after Paper Boy catcalled her. And they start arguing. And then eventually, Paper Boy pulls out his gun and starts threatening the other man while Earnest is telling Paper Boy to calm down. In this scene, we also see a dog. I'm not really sure what the dog means, but there's a couple scenes with a dog. And finally, then someone shoots, and the scene turns black. And then we see an aerial view as it cuts back to a different scene, where—aerial view of a suburb in, I'm assuming, Atlanta. And then we just—yeah, and then the next time we see Earnest, he's in bed with his a woman, who I think is his ex-girlfriend. And she—they kiss for a little bit, and she says, "I love you." But he doesn't respond—Earnest doesn't respond. So he—so she gets a little angry about that, and then gets up from the bed and goes to get ready. And Earnest goes to his daughter's room and picks her up. And then his ex-girlfriend basically tells Earnest that he needs to start paying rent if he wants to live in her house, and that it's his job to take care of their daughter tonight because she's going on a date. Then the scene cuts to an airport, where Earnest is trying to—he works as a person who sells airline credit cards. And he's trying to convince people to enroll in the program. And he gets told to fuck off by one person. And his friend—and he starts chatting up a friend, and they basically talk about a new up-and-coming rapper called Paper Boy. And Earnest recognizes Paper Boy as his old cousin, Alfred. So Earnest has an idea where he wants to manage Paper Boy so he can make a lot of money, and just basically quit his job with the airline. So then he leaves the airport. And he goes to his parents' house in order to ask where Alfred is—where he lives, so he can go visit him. And basically, his parents basically call Earnest out for not having a good job and for not making enough money, and for being a—and for just leeching off of them, I suppose. And then, so he goes to Alfred's apartment, where he tries to convince him that he would be a good manager. But he—but Alfred just says, "No, you won't be a good manager," and basically tells him to just leave, because—yeah, just tells him to leave. And so in order for Earnest to prove that he's a good manager, he goes to a radio station where he hits up some of his connections there. And he bumps into one white person who says a very racially insensitive story, and then tells—. And also Earnest tells that person to play Paper Boy on the on the radio because he works there. But the guy initially just says, "No, I don't want to." So Earnest bribes a janitor to let him into the radio station at night so he can slip in a CD of Paper Boy's mixtapes and a lot of money to the head DJ so he can play it on the airwaves. And the scene cuts to a bus where—no, I'm not really sure about the order of events from here on out. But there's a scene where Alfred definitely calls—or drives to Earnest's parents' house, and basically just says—tells his parents that he doesn't trust Earnest as his manager—as his potential manager. But his parents are like, "If Earnest wants to get something done, he will basically get it done." So that basically gives—it gives Paper Boy confidence that Earnest would be a good manager. So the scene then cuts to Earnest and his daughter on a bus. And on the bus, there's this guy on sitting across from Earnest wearing a beige suit. And the dude is telling—is giving Earnest advice that Earnest initially ignores. And then the guy moves to sit next to Earnest. And then he starts making a Nutella sandwich, and then tells Earnest to eat the sandwich. But Earnest says, "No." And then there's a siren that goes off, which distracts Earnest. And when he pays attention to the man again, the man has gotten off the bus. And the same dog from the first scene where Paper Boy got into a fight, that dog is seen following the man as he gets off the bus. Then Earnest gets a call from Paper Boy that his song, Paper Boy, is playing on the radio, and that he should—they should meet up. And we—the scene—no, and before the scene cuts away, we see Earnest type a text message to his girlfriend saying that he will be late and that they need—they have something to talk about, and that he loves her. And the scene cuts to the same liquor store that was pictured in the first scene. And Paper Boy's blasting his song in his car. Earnest climbs into the car and smokes a blunt. And the same white DJ that told the racially insensitive story to Earnest drops by. And Earnest asks him to repeat the same story that he told earlier. But this time it's really clear that the story—he changes the story so he doesn't say the n-word, or say anything offensive. So it's very clear that he's trying—he's modifying the story. And then the white DJ leaves. And then the woman who was in the first scene walks by, and Paper Boy catcalls her. And then she gets offended by it and insults Paper Boy. Then Paper Boy insults the woman. And then a couple seconds later, her—the woman's boyfriend bursts into the scene and kicks off the mirror off of Paper Boy's car, which makes him really angry. And then Earnest is initially like, "Paper Boy, don't do anything stupid." But then Paper Boy gets out of the car and starts the confrontation. And then we assume it's a continuation of what happened in the first scene. So we know someone gets shot. And then there's a—the final scene that I saw was when Earnest's girlfriend walks back to the house. And Earnest's mother is leaving after watching the daughter. And then she's coming back from her date. And then she sees on the TV screen that there's breaking news that there's been a shooting involving Paper Boy and—Paper Boy and her ex-boyfriend Earnest. And she basically is very exasperated.