So the episode starts with Earn, the main character, and his cousin Al, or Paper Boy, in a car. And someone knocks one of the side mirrors of the car over. Earn rushes out of the car, Al rushes out of the car, and Earn tries to tell him not to take the money, or not to touch the money. And then—but Earn, or Al, gets up anyways, and Earn follows him. And they talk to this guy and this girl. And then they reveal that Al is actually Paper Boy, this new rapper that came up with a song everyone's really into and singing. And then you hear a gunshot, and the screen goes black. And then you see panning over the city of Atlanta, a really nice neighborhood with super nice houses. And then a not so nice neighborhood, more run down, beat up houses. And then the words "Atlanta" flash across the screen in big red font. And then you see Earn and this girl in bed. Earn has headphones on, black headphones, and he's listening to music. And then the girl wakes up and is like, "Why are you up?" He takes off the headphones, they start kissing. And she's like, "Tell me you love me." And he starts laughing. And she kind of pushes him off of her, and she says, "Why do you always laugh when I ask you that?" And she says, "I love you." And she's like, "No." And they kind of both get out of bed, and she goes to brush her teeth in the bathroom. She's wearing a big tee shirt. And Earn goes into a little girl's room, Lottie, who happens to be their daughter. And then—who's the girl Earn was with in bed—and the mother of Lottie says, "Can you please pick up Lottie today? I have parent teacher conferences at school, and I won't be back until ten thirty." And Earn says, "What're you going to be doing with the parents that you're gonna be out for so long?" And she says, "Well, actually I have a date." So you automatically know they kind of have a weird relationship. And Van says, "Earn, seriously, I don't want her at your mom's house again. Can you please get her?" And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, I'll get her." And before that, she says, "I bet you don't remember it's your turn today." He says, "Yeah, I do." But then whispers to Lottie, "I didn't remember." And Lottie's wearing all pink. And then you see Earn at his job. He works in an airport with his friend. And there's an older woman who also works there, who's having a lot of success getting people who walk by to buy the credit card, or subscribe to the credit card. Meanwhile, Earn and his friend aren't having any success, and she's kind of making fun of them. And Earn's friend asks, "Have you heard the new song, Paper Boy?" And Earn says, "No, I haven't really been keeping up with that stuff lately." And his friend says, "Oh, you gotta listen." And they watch the music video together. And Earn says, "Oh my gosh, that's my cousin." And his colleague says, "Oh, she's mad thick," or something like that. And Earn says, "No, not her. He's my cousin, Paper Boy." And then Earn's like, "I have to go." And his friend thinks he's lying. He's like, "No way, that's his cousin." And then Earn goes to his parents' house. He knocks on the door, and his parents won't even let him in and just kind of crack open the door because they're like, "We don't—we're not rich enough to let you in." So that tells us that every time he goes there, he's asking for money. And Earn says, "No, no, I'm not asking for money. I'm just asking where Al is." And his dad tells him where Al is. And then Earn goes to Al's house to find Al. And when he knocks on the door, Al comes out with—Al is first watching—playing video games. He hears a knock on the door and comes out with a gun. So that tells you they're not in a very nice neighborhood. And he has a friend there as well, who is holding a knife and a plate of cookies. And they talk, and Al's like, "I know you want money from Paper Boy. You haven't come to see me in so long. It's the only thing you could possibly want." And Earn says, "I want to be your manager. You need a manager." And Al says, "No, why would I let you be my manager? What ever happened at Princeton?" And Earn's like, "I don't even know what happened at Princeton. Let me be your manager." And Al and his friend are very high. They go into a field, and they're sitting on an old beat up couch and just smoking. And Al's like, "Earn, wanna smoke?" And Earn says, "No, this is business. I wanna do business." And Al's like, "Okay, I've never heard you turn down smoking." And then Al plays a bunch of the tracks he has prepared for the future. And Earn realizes Al is actually really good, and he wants to prove to Al that he would be a good manager. So then Earn is pictured in a parking lot with his guy. And he says, "Did you just come out of a dumpster?" And Earn says, "No, no, I didn't," but he really did. And this guy's very basic. He has Starbucks drinks, but he's trying to speak very colloquially with Earn and try to seem cool. He works at a radio station, so he clearly has a lot of musical connections. And Earn asks if he could play Paper Boy on his radio. And he says, "No, I can't just accept offers from any old person." And Earn says, "I'm not any old person. I'm your friend." And he says, "No, no." Then he also uses the n-word a lot when telling the story, so I think that makes Earn uncomfortable. And when the guy walks in, this janitor walks by. And Earn says, "What's your name?" He says, "I'm Prince." And Earn says, "Woah, that's so cool. Does that guy ever use the n-word when talking to you?" And Prince says, "No, I would beat him up." And then later, Earn is shown on a bus with Lottie. Lottie is sleeping. She's wearing these princess headphones with a crown at the top. And there's this guy sitting next to him. They make weird eye contact, and then this guy moves to sit over next to Earn. And he has bread and Nutella, and he's making a Nutella sandwich. And he gives it to Earn, and he says, "Take a bite." And Earn says, "No, I'm okay." And the guy says, "Take a bite." And then police sirens flash by. The guy gets out and kind of walks into the forest with a dog, which is strange. And then Earn goes back to the recording studio. He's let in by Prince, the janitor, and slides a CD of Paper Boy under KP—who's the guy who works at the radio station's boss—under his door. And then later—oh, and then Al—before this, sorry—Al and his friend drive in a white car to Earn's parents' house. And Al says, "Earn wants to be my manager. Do you think that's a good idea?" And Earn's dad says, "I know Earn really wants—when he puts his mind to something, he gets it done." And Al says, "What ever happened at Princeton?" And his dad says—or Earn's dad says, "I don't know." And then Earn—Al—oh, Paper Boy plays on the radio. And Al calls Earn and says, "Listen, do you hear this? Paper Boy's playing on the radio." And Earn says, "Yes, I hear it." And Al tells Earn to come over. So then we're brought back to the parking lot scene, which we saw at the beginning, and they're in a car. Al and his friend are super high. Earn gets in the passenger seat, and they just start talking and laughing and smoking. And then Earn says, "Al, this is a really great song." And Al says, "I hate this gong. I wanna turn it off. I can't listen." And then a girl walks by. Al calls out at her. She says a comment back, and he calls her a bitch. And then some guy walks by and kicks down the side view side mirror. And Al tries to grab money and jump out. And Earn says, "Al, don't touch the money." Al jumps out, and Earn runs after him with a gun. And then they get into a fight, and you hear a gunshot. And then you see Van, dressed super nicely, walk back into the house. And Earn's mom is there watching over Lottie. And she says, "Oh, Lottie just—I just put her to bed. She's asleep. I'm gonna go now." And Van says, "Thank you." She walks in. The TV's on, and current news is playing. And then you see there's a breaking newsflash thing that flashes on and says, "Someone was shot, and the two suspects in custody are Al, Paper Boy, and Earn." And she shakes her head, and the episode ends.