Okay, so the episode opens with a shot of a mirror; hat's the first thing we see, a rear view mirror. And then the guy, Alfred, is obviously upset that his mirror has been damaged by this other guy that walked by. So he's in the car with Darius, and also with Earnest, or Ernie, or Earn. And so they're sort of looking around wildly, wondering what's gonna happen. But Alfred gets out, and he goes after this other guy. And then they all end up in the parking lot together. And the other guy's wearing a patterned shirt. He's with this girl who Alfred had tried to hit on and failed to hit on. So there's sort of a confrontation going on. Alfred wants money for the mirror, and they sort of go back and forth. And then Alfred ends up putting a gun to the other guy's chest. And then we hear a shot go off, but we don't really know what's happened at that point. And in between, we keep getting shots of this dog that's sort of sitting on the corner. It's—I don't know, it's a black dog, medium-sized, maybe. I don't know what kind of dog it is, but we get a shot of that. And then everything goes black. So in the next scene, we get the opening credits. The show is Atlanta; we see that. There's an overview of the entire city. There's suburbs, we see some pools, I think, or driveways of little neighborhoods in the city. And then we get a shot of the highway. So obviously, they're probably in Atlanta. I think it was a county that started with D, DeKalb County or something. So then we cut to a scene of Earnest and his girlfriend—well, not girlfriend, Van, and they're in bed together. And Earnest is listening to music on his headphones. It's kind of loud, kind of annoying. He wakes up—rap music. And he wakes up and he says he had a bad dream, and he tells her about it. And he was swimming in a pool with seaweed, but the seaweed was actually human hands trying to grab him. And he was with this girl. And his—the girl is with him. Van is very curious about who this girl was. And he's like, "Oh, she was fat. She was really ugly." And Van was like, "Oh, well, did you kiss her?" And he was like, "Yes." So she was annoyed at that. So then they start making out, or whatever. And I think he says he loves her, or something. But she's kind of—I don't know, kind of confused by the way that he says it, like, "Why don't you just say it?" So then they—Earnest gets up and he goes into the other room, and he picks up his daughter, Lottie. And he and Van have had Lottie together. I think Lottie's wearing yellow, or something. So they're talking, I guess, about who's gonna be taking care of Lottie tonight. Earnest has to take care of her. And Lottie says that she has a date with somebody else, which is interesting because Earnest said that he loved her. So I don't really know how that's gonna go down. He seems pretty upset about it. And, I don't know, I guess there's just a lot of issues going on, or reason that doesn't work out for them. So anyway, they decide that that's what's gonna happen. She's gonna go on her date and he's gonna take care of the daughter. So then we cut to a scene of Earnest and his friend, I guess named Skiff, or Swift, or something. And they're—they work at an airport. And Swift shows Earnest a video on his phone of this rapper called Paper Boy, which is Alfred. And Earnest is like, "Oh, I know that guy. That's my cousin." So Swift is like, "Oh my god, you don't know this guy. How do you possibly know him?" He's—I don't know, kind of famous, I guess. And in-between that, we also get a shot of this other woman who's working there. And she—I don't know, she kind of coerces this boy into buying tickets, or something, and then grinds on him. I don't know, it was weird. So then we get the scene of Earnest going to his parents' house. House is kinda run down, I guess. He goes up to the door and he knocks. And they are in the house. I think the mother's doing chores. And they don't really seem too happy to see him. They think he's there asking for money. He says he's not. They said that they're glad he's out of the house now. It seemed like they just really didn't get along that well. But anyway, his point in coming there is to ask where Alfred is. And so, I don't remember if they tell him where he is or not; I think they might. So yeah, that encounter happened, and then as he's walking away, I remember seeing this red car that pulls up. And it seemed kind of ominous, the music that was playing in the background. But I don't know if there was significance to that, but I just remember it. So then we get the scene of Earnest knocking on Alfred's door. Alfred has been in there; he's been sitting on the couch. He's with Darius. So Earnest goes to the door, and at first it seems like Alfred isn't gonna let him in. Alfred's wearing this striped bright shirt, which is interesting. But he ends up letting him in, and he sees Darius at the door. Darius gives him a cookie, and Earnest takes it and eats it. And they start talking, and Earnest says that he wants to be Alfred's—or Paper Boy's manager. And so Alfred's like, "Oh, you never come see me. The only reason you've come to see me is because you want money. You'll never associate besides this, even though you're my cousin," so that's a little suspicious. So then we get a scene of them outside. They're all sharing a joint. Earnest has this backpack that he's wearing. He looks like a schoolboy kind of—I don't know, seemed a little out of place or weird. But then they keep talking about it, and Earnest is still trying to persuade them that he would be a good manager. And he says, "Oh, I have a manager. I don't need a manager." And so in the end, Alfred says "No, you're not gonna be my manager." So Earnest is a little upset about that, but he doesn't really seem that undeterred. Because then he gets—actually, after that encounter, Alfred goes to see Earnest's parents, and asks them what to make of this situation. And the parents are kinda like, "Well, I don't blame you for not trusting him either." So I think the conclusion was kind of that maybe he shouldn't be the manager, you shouldn't trust him. But Earnest is really not deterred by that. He sees this guy in a parking lot, named Dan, I think. He's a white guy who works at this radio station. And he makes a joke about Flo Rida to Earnest, and how the DJ played Flo Rida for two songs in a row. And, I don't know, he had to go talk to him 'cause that was apparently a really stupid thing to do. And, I don't know, the white guy seems kinda racist, honestly. And then Earnest is like, "Well, what could I get to have you play this guy's songs on the radio?" And apparently it costs money, and Earnest doesn't really have any. So after Dan walks away, he goes up to this garbage guy who was taking care of the garbage. And he was like, "Has that guy ever said, I don't know, a racist word?" And I don't remember what the answer was, but he said that if he did, he would probably fight him, so—or beat him up. So, and anyway, Earnest is completely undeterred by the fact that Alfred didn't want him as his manager. So he goes and gets money out of a shoebox, it looks like. And he goes to the building, he sees Dan there recording doing something in the room. And then he slides the mixtape, I guess, or the soundtrack and the money under a door. So after that, we see a scene of him on the subway, or a bus, going home, and he's with his daughter Lottie. And she's got these headphones with this little pink crown on the top, and she's listening to music, sleeping in his arms. And then this guy shows up next to him. He's wearing kinda a tannish suit, maybe kinda looks like Obama from the side profile, just a little bit. So Earnest starts asking why nothing is going right for him in his life. Maybe bad things have to happen to some people so that it balances out. And he's feeling really bad about himself. And this guy says something really philosophical. I think it had, I don't know, a reference to nature in it, trees, I don't know. But Earnest didn't really get it either way. And then the guy whips out this sandwich, and he's like, "Take a bite of this sandwich." And it was very coercive and honestly kind of creepy. But then there's a flash of a cop traffic light in the background; it was blue. And so then this guy gets up. You could see his Nutella sitting on the chair that he's gotten up from. And then he goes out and into the woods. And you see him with that same dog, the black dog that we saw at the very beginning of the episode. So I don't really know what the connection to that is yet, but I'll think about it. So then Earnest is driving home, and he gets a call from Paper Boy, or Alfred. And he says that his song is on the radio, so he thinks that's really cool. And then Earnest shows up in the parking lot of the convenience store, which is where the fight happened in the flashback scene that was the first scene. So he—Earnest gets in the car with Darius and Alfred. And they're all sort of listening to the song. And I guess Alfred is happy and agrees, like, "You can be my manager now." I think he says that he hates this song that he wrote, which is—I don't know why, but he hates it. Maybe he just heard it too much, or—I don't know, anyway, he hates it. And then Dan comes up to them in the window and he confronts Earnest. And he's like, "KP—" or something, "KJ is upset—" or no, he's not upset, but he's the one who also works at the radio station. And anyway, Dan is upset that he went into the building behind his back and slipped that money and the soundtrack there. And but Earnest says, "They must've liked it if they're playing it on the radio." But this other guy's still kind of mad. And then he's like, "Oh, you should tell the Flo Rida joke." And he tells it and they all think it's really stupid, which is understandable because I didn't think it was funny in the first place either. So then—I don't know, it's kind of an awkward situation, and Dan leaves. And so they're continuing to listen to the song. And then a girl with curly hair walks by. And Alfred's like, "That's my song playing on the radio," 'cause he's trying to hit on her. And she's just not impressed at all and she keeps walking. So now they're just sitting there, and they see this guy and the same girl with curly hair walk by and sort of smash his mirror. And he gets really mad, and he's like, "Oh, you gotta pay for that." And I think we get a flash to Earnest looking at the dash for—and he sees a gun in there. And so we get out and of the car. And well, we don't actually get a shot of that this time, but we just know that Alfred is going after these people, and the other two are still sitting in the car. And so at that point, we get a flash to—or a cut to seeing Van. And she's dressed in red and she's all done up; she's got her hair up. And she's just obviously coming back from her date. She's picking Lottie up from Earnest's parents, or Earnest's mother. And she—the news is playing in the background on the TV. And she looks at it and she notices that there was a shooting in—oh, that county, I don't remember, it starts with a D—DeKalb County. And she sees a picture of Alfred and a picture of Earnest. And we find out that—I don't know, the suspect is still out there, the shooter, and somebody's injured. I don't—honestly, I didn't even catch who was injured. And I couldn't tell the difference—differentiate between who was the shooter and who was injured. And somebody had been killed or something. It was kind of a rush and a blur. So at that point, that's sort of where it ends. We don't really see her reaction, or what really happens at that point, but that was what I remember.