Okay, so the last episode of Atlanta began with an opening scene that was actually the scene that the entire episode led up to, explain. So the opening scene was the same as the ending scene, so the show, the director of the show, chose to kinda throw the viewer into this scene in front of a convenience store where there's four men and a woman, and they're all kind of in an argument. And there's three men against a man and a woman, against the other man and the woman. And the woman says something, "Well, you're Paper Boy, you can pay for this damage or whatever." And we don't really know who Paper Boy is. And then one of the guys, who turns out to be the main character of the show, I think his name's Earnest, I don't know though. Anyway, he looks off to the side while this argument's happening. He's kind of lost in his own little world, and he sees this dog, and he says, "This is deja vu, I've been here before," type of thing. Anyway, the argument continues for a second, and then after that, the camera pans out and kind of does this aerial shot thing where it goes from the convenience store to this affluent neighborhoods with large homes to less affluent neighborhoods, smaller kind of city suburbanesque homes, chain link fence type of deal. And then it comes in on this home where this man, who is the man who had the hallucination about the dog, is lying in bed with the mother of his child. They're no longer together though, but they are kind of together anyway. He's wearing headphones, and the mother of his child wakes up, and she's like, "What are you up to?" And he describes that he woke up to this dream where he was underwater, and there it's hands, and if he touch the hands, they would drag them under, and he knew that because this woman in his dream was telling her—was telling him that. So he was relaying this whole story to the mother of his child, and she goes, "Was she ugly?" And he said, "Yeah, of course she was ugly." And she said, "Were you making out with her?" And he goes like, "Yes, I was." And she kind of slaps him, and they start making out. And so you would think that they're together cause they're sleeping in bed, and she says, "I love you," and he just kind of laughs. And she gets really mad, and he says, "Why would I tell you I love you? You already know that I love you." So then she gets out of bed and goes and brushes her teeth, and he gets out of bed and goes and holds their baby. And she's saying, "Well, if you're gonna be staying here, you need to pay the rent." And he says, "Okay, well, when are you gonna be home tonight?" And she says, "Eleven." And he says, "Well, that's a little late for parent teacher conferences, don't you think?" And she says, "Well, I have a date tonight." And then Earnest, we'll call him Earnest cause I don't know what his name is if it's not Earnest, Earnest is talking to the baby and says, "Oh, Mommy's gonna go on a date with an ugly guy," like kinda playing around. And so basically he is in charge of watching the baby that night. And she says, "Well, don't you wind up letting your parents take care of him? Her, I think it was a girl. She's always over there with your parents. You need to be a better dad." So it's kind of like this, "You need to prove yourself." So anyway, you kinda get the idea though, maybe he is deadbeat because she has a job and she has the house and she's paying rent and he's not. But then you're also kinda confused cause they seem to clearly be in love with each other, what not. Anyway, so then in a following scene, Earnest is walking through his neighborhood, and well actually no, then he's at work. Then it pans to him at work, and he's in the airport, and he's trying to sell some sort of gimmicky almost thing with this other man and this woman. And the woman, who was older, she sweet talks all the people and she sells all the stuff, and Earnest and his friend are just kinda sitting over there like, "How does she do it?" Well anyway, they're they continue to converse with each other because they're being unsuccessful salesmen. And he says, "Have you seen this new video, Paper Boy? It's mixtape whatever video." And he says, "So the friend shows it to Earnest, and Earnest says, 'Oh my god, that's my cousin.'" And the friend at work says, "Damn, she fine," whatever. And he says, "No, not the girl in the back, Paper Boy, the guy at front." And he's like, "Oh shit, wow, are you gonna try and to sweeten up to your cousin now?" So all the sudden Earnest books it, and he's like, "Alright." So clearly the friend and the viewer knows that he's going to find Paper Boy because his cousin's making it big and he's stuck at this airport, so clearly he's gotta make up for the time that he hasn't been in contact with his cousin, what not. So then this following scene that I was beginning to describe a moment later has to do with the idea that, well, oh yeah, so he's walking through this neighborhood, and it's kinda like a rough looking neighborhood, almost kinda like almost not. It's not city, but it's like not suburbia white picket fence, it's like somewhere in between, it's like suburban setting with like yeah. Anyway, so he's walking through this neighborhood, and he pulls up to his parents' house, and he, you know, says hello, and he says, "Are you gonna let me in?" And they said, "No, we're not letting you in." So you can kinda tell he has a bad relationship with his parents, and we can tell they know he's struggling because, you know, the viewer learns that the parents watch the baby, and he so they're helping him out, but at the same time it's kinda like this tough love, "You need to get your shit together" type of deal. And so he says, "Well, where's where's my cousin? I he has a regular name too, but Paper Boy's his rapper name, so where's Paper Boy?" And he says, "Why are you gonna try and sweet talk him?" Well anyways, the dad, the father, and the mother are inside the house too. I guess another part of it was there was this joke about something like last time he was here, I think it was he pooped or something in the toilet, and she made a joke about it. So it's kinda like playful but it's also kinda like tough love between mom, dad, and Earnest. Anyway, they tell where Paper Boy's at. So then the next scene, he's going over to Paper Boy's house, and at this point it's similar type of neighborhood, but it's a bunch of people outside. I think they're actually all listening to Paper Boy on the hoods of their cars, no shirts type of type of deal. And so he knocks on the door, and Paper Boy's inside. We kinda see a scene of Paper Boy before inside this house before Earnest comes up, so we know what he looks like from the video and we know what his home looks like. And Paper Boy's inside with one of his friends or whatever. His friend's like baking cookies, it's kinda funny. It's you see these hard core rapper's baking cookies, it's a paradox or something. Well anyway, Earnest knocks on the door, there's no, and the door opens up a bit, and there's a gun to Earnest's head, and it's Paper Boy. And Earnest is just like kinda casual like, "Hey, I'm your cousin, what the heck, high security no people," he says to him or something like that, "Just to look, you gotta come up with a gun." So Paper Boy invites him in, and the friend standing behind the doorway with the knife and the cookies in the pink apron is kinda like the paradox again, cause here's this guy security with a huge butcher's knife, but meanwhile he's baking cookies in a pink apron. Anyway, so this friend's kind of goofy, we don't really know who he is, but he's a friend that Earnest doesn't know but is close to Paper Boy and involved in Paper Boy's success in the sense that he's always with him and maybe a manager position but not really. Anyway, so they're inside on a couch, and Paper Boy of course knows, "Yeah, okay, I submit, I get this one hot track out in this video and everyone's coming to me because they wanna be my friend now." So he kinda like has that chip on his shoulder with Earnest, and Earnest is like, "No, I don't want a cut, I wanna be your manager, I wanna manage you." He's like, "What the heck do you know about managing?" Anyway, he tries to convince Earnest tries to convince Paper Boy a little bit. They're the scene continues for like a hot second longer, and then whether or not it's the next scene, the next scene with them all three of them together, they're on this couch in the middle of this field, and I think they're waiting for some sort of meeting. And Earnest is still tryna sell his front for being why he should be the manager, whatever yada yada. So basically they're on this couch, it's kind of like an odd scene, I'm not really sure what the symbolism is, but it's couch in the middle of a field. And then Paper Boy's kinda like they're all they're smoking a joint, and he says, Paper Boy says to Earnest like, "You want a hit?" And he's like, "No, I I'm not gonna be high when I'm tryna sell you or whatever." So there's clearly a meeting, and he's like, "You can't sweet talk or do your deal while you're high," like whatever kinda like insults him for his inability to be above the high. I don't really know, but I don't know, it's kinda like a playful a playful insult I guess. Anyway, seconds later, Paper Boy and his friend get up, and they're walking away, and they're like, "You know f you, you're anyway." Like the meeting goes a ride, whoever was gonna show up, we never see this person. And so now Earnest is like out of the picture cause Paper Boy's just not having it for whatever reason. So now Earnest has to kinda like make his mark and impress Paper Boy without being right beside Paper Boy, he has to get into his side pocket. So he tries to make this effort to get his CD seen by the radio company. So he pulls up to the radio company parking lot and sees his friend, and it's this white dude who's works for a a company. He kinda thinks he's a big shot, he's really pompous. He says the n-word, and it's totally insulting, but you know Earnest is just tryna get this CD in, so he doesn't say anything, he plays along and smiles kinda like that smile and wave type deal. Anyway, this white guy thinks he's above Earnest, so he just like blows him off and is like, "You think you can get in there you just with your mixtape? No, that's not happening," type of deal. So Earnest goes, Earnest kinda like I don't know saunters up, not saunters cause it's not like it's nonchalant like you're just walking up by car behind. So the white dude walks into the shop, and then Earnest sees this janitor with the with some trash barrels. He's got a funny name, I can't remember what it is, but he notices the name and says something. And so he says, "Hey, does that guy ever call you the n-word?" And he was like, "If he ever did, you know I'd kick him up the ass," or something like that, like some wise comment. And so you can kinda see that's all you really get of that relationship, but basically they built a connection. And later on Earnest is gotta be able to get into the building because the janitor's gonna let him in later at night. So we see this scene where he's kinda like creeping into the studio, and his white friend is in there like on the microphone whatever like broadcasting, and Earnest just kinda like holds up the CD and the money, and he slips it under the exec's door to try and get this tape on the radio. So anyway, it's kinda like an f you moment where it's like, "I didn't need your help." So he kinda finesses his way into there, he definitely like has his head on straight where he knows how to work the business world or whatever the music world. So this is like his plan to get it on the radio, so the Paper Boy is like, "Yeah, I want you as my manager, you know what's up." So anyway, there's this scene, so now he's on the bus, it's night time, the day's kinda like gone over, and he's on the bus with his daughter. And this hallucination type figure, kinda creepy like colored out like faded out ghosty type figure's on the bus across from him. And he's Earnest and his daughter are both listening to music, it's cute, they both have headsets on. And so he's all the sudden he gets interrupted or whatever, he's talking to this hallucination guy, and he gives him this weird advice, I can't remember exactly. It's kinda like, "You gotta go get em," and you know, that might've actually been before the recording studio, I'm not really sure where this scene falls in the term of events. But anyway, this guy sitting across from him, he's eating Nutella and spreading it on toast. He's kinda like a weird dude, but he's kinda like, "You gotta I think the message was like take your life, like pick yourself about the bootstraps, like figure it out, like you gotta do what you gotta do," kinda like this inspiration for him for Earnest to kinda like to take his life in the right direction with his daughter. And that's why I think it might've been before the radio, but at the same time I feel like that happens later. So anyway, they get to the next stop, and this guy walks off, and then Earnest is kinda like shook like, "What just happened? That was so weird." The Nutella was left on the seat because he went from one side of the bus to the other, and he was sitting next to Earnest, it was like odd. And then he looks behind him out the window, and this guy is walking into the woods alongside this dog that wasn't even there on the bus in the first place. And this dog is the same dog that was in the beginning of the scene in the beginning of the episode where Earnest has deja vu. So this is going back in time, so this is the first time he sees the dog and the man on the bus, and then later on where this episode is heading, which was also the opening scene, he sees the dog again. So that's the deja vu moment. Anyway, so there's something up with that, and that one's very unclear, that's gotta be kinda like a secondary plot or like something to rope people in that's not predictable. So that happens, and then at some point along the line, oh yeah yeah yeah, something about Paper Boy calls him, and he's like, "You gotta make your way over here, yatta yatta, I need you right now." He gets a call, Earnest does, and he has to drop his daughter off with his mother. So the mother's babysitting the daughter now, which is exactly what you know, it's like exactly what the mother of the child says like, "Oh, you're gonna hand her off to your wife to your mother again." It's kinda like this irresponsible thing. And you know, the rent money that he was supposed to spend for the mother of his child, you know, he just put it down on this deal for this exec in the radio station. So he's kinda like playing his cards, and obviously since this is a TV show, it's gonna work out, but if this was reality, it's really bold. He gives the rent money with the CD to the exec tryna get Paper Boy's song on, so that he can prove to Paper Boy that when Paper Boy is famous, Earnest should be his manager. So it's like this big risk, especially since Earnest is kinda being framed as this like deadbeat dad who can't hold his own, whatever whatever. So anyway, Paper Boy's like, "You gotta get it down here." And to be honest, I think it was because the song's on the radio now, and they're in this convenience store parking lot, and they're like the next scene, it cuts to the scene where the child is not there, but Earnest is in the car with Paper Boy and his friend, and they're listening to the music, and they're all happy and everything. And then all the sudden out of nowhere, this girl or something, it was the girl yeah, kicks their side view mirror off the car and is like, "Oh no no no." He like catcalls her, Paper Boy catcalls this girl cause you know he's high on life, he thinks he's you know the shit or whatever. So he catcalls her, and she walks away kinda disgusted. And then her whatever boyfriend or the guy that she's with comes back and rips off their side view mirror. And then Paper Boy's like, "Hey, you gonna pay for that? You gonna pay for that?" And so that's what brings you actually to that beginning scene where they're all fighting in this convenience store parking lot or whatever. And so this is actually not the very last scene, I'm pretty sure there's couple subsequent scenes after this. So this is kinda like oh, now I'm kind of understanding who those characters were in the beginning. It's Paper Boy's friend and Earnest, and then these two randos who kinda like get the scene the show going with this point of tension that you're tossed into. So anyway, they're at this point of the scene, and so they get out, and this time the tension and the fight kinda like oh, well you know what, it was in the very beginning of the episode, what ended the first scene was I'm pretty sure was the shot like Paper Boy pulls out his gun and he shoots, but we only see the shot from the aerial point of view, and that's what snaps you from being in the scene to being up above the scene. So we know that they're about to shoot someone anyway. So I think the shot happens again or whatever, but this time it pans out to pans into the house of the baby mama, the mother of the child. And so right as she's coming in from her date or parent teacher conference, Earnest's mother is coming out saying like, "Oh yeah, the your wine's out," cause like she was obviously of air and she drank the wine or whatever, it's kinda like a funny moment. And you know, the mother of the child is just kinda like probably like, "What the heck?" Like of course I'm walking into this situation again. And so the baby's put down or whatever, but TV's on when she comes in, and she takes her heels off, and the mother Earnest's mom is like out. Now it's just her and the TV, and the baby's in the bedroom or whatever. And just as she's going to check the baby, check on the baby, this thing on the TV comes on, and it's this news cast, and it's saying like, "You know Paper Boy, whatever his name is," and Earnest had been you know put into jail for this shooting whatever. And it's just kinda like the mother of the child just like sighs like, "What the heck did he get into?" And so I'm pretty sure that's how the episode ended. It's like this moment where the suspense is like, "Oh my gosh, now we found out that they've been jailed." We didn't really experience that, but we found out through the news, and there's like all these open ended questions. Obviously it's the pilot of this TV show, so it's kinda what happens. Anyway, yeah, I think that's probably it. Yeah, okay.