The episode begins with an altercation in what looks like a parking lot of a liquor store or a deli. You see two men get out of the car, which you learn are then kind of the main character that you're following, Earnest, and his cousin Alfred, or the rapper Paper Boy, but you don't know this at this point. And the episode opens with somebody essentially smashing the car window off of the car, so you don't really know any background as of this point. Everybody gets out of the car to confront the guy who just hit the mirror, and he's with a woman. The rapper Alfred is already extremely angry, and he's essentially asking this man to pay for the mirror. And what ends up happening is they sort of back and forth, and Alfred ends up pulling out a gun on the chest of the—of essentially the rando. We don't really know who the individual who hit the mirror is. He pulls out a gun on him, at which point Earnest also pulls one out to kind of to tear the situation and keep Paper Boy from shooting. At which point the guy who bashed the window raises his shirt to show that he also has a gun. And sort of the kind of camera frame pans out a bit, and there's a gunshot, so you know somebody was shot. I'm not really sure who. I'm not really sure who the problem—what the problem was as of that point in time. And then it goes right into the intro to the show Atlanta, and essentially it's just looking over different locations, I'm assuming, of the city. Interestingly though, you get some clips of sort of destroyed houses and barren areas, but then also basketball courts. And then it kind of pans into the city part of it with skyscrapers and the big buildings and kind of the skyline. At that point, it cuts to Earnest waking up in bed with presumably his girlfriend. He recalls a dream he had about essentially swimming in a pool that he says looked like an ocean, where he was swimming, I guess, above or through seaweed. But it wasn't really seaweed; it was hands. And he's telling his girlfriend that essentially there was another—there was a woman in the dream who told him to swim above the hands because if they grab you, they'll pull you down and you'll drown. They sort of start kissing in the morning. It's a really cute scene, whatever. She's—yeah, so they're sort of rolling around in bed kissing, and she asks Earnest to tell her he loves her, at which point he hesitates or chuckles, and she sort of pulls it back. So there's this change in demeanor, and she asks him kinda why he laughs when she says that. And he responds saying that she asks that all the time. And essentially every time he's like, "Of course," but she seemed sort of bothered. So she kinda rolls out of bed, gets up, and then she goes to the bathroom to sort of take down her hair and take off the head scarf. And he walks over, and then you see that they have a child, Lottie, I think her name is, and she's up in the crib, and he picks her up. And in this kind of whole interaction, they're talking about kinda what time they'll be around, I'm assuming, to take care of the child. And Earnest's girlfriend, the mother of his child, essentially then says she's going on a date that night, so I don't remember what that was about, but yeah. So then what ends up happening is I'm pretty sure from there it cuts to—oh, and then she also she asks Earnest to pay for rent if she'll be staying there, so I'm not really sure what their relationship is at that point. But then essentially the episode pans out to what looks like the airport. And I'm assuming Earnest and I think his friend's name is Swift from the name tag, are they work in the airport, but I'm assuming selling these memberships or selling these packages, sort of a salesperson, sort of promoter for a certain thing. And he's talking to his friend, and then his friend brings up Paper Boy the rapper. And then you see this sort of interaction where Earnest is a little out of it; it doesn't look like he's doing the best as of this point. His friend's talking about Paper Boy, and then they're also realizing that they don't make sales, especially in comparison to another older woman who works there, who essentially just got a young guy sign up for stuff or just being sort of really really funny and animated and stuff. And then Earnest sort of leaves abruptly after seeing—first his friend shows him a music video that Paper Boy made, and then Earnest sort of leaves very abruptly. I think that at this point he goes—it's the scene where he goes to his parents' house, and it's sort of already a switch in physical location also. So he pulls up to his parents' house, his dad answers the door, and then you sort of get this awkward interaction going on. He doesn't seem super close to his parents; there's some distance there. I think he—they make small talk at the beginning. He sees his mom through the window, says hello to her as well, but he's standing on the stairs in front of the house by this kind of heading up to the porch to go into the house. And then after sort of the "hello, how are you," he essentially asks if his dad is gonna let him in, and his father said he won't because he can't afford it. So then there's this presumption that Earnest was there asking for money, and both of his parents seem to think so. So there's a weird dynamic there; there was just some distance, and I think he just ended up leaving from there because he didn't go inside. And then I think at this point he goes to his cousin Alfred or Paper Boy's house, but it starts actually within the house. So you just see Alfred and his friend inside the house. Alfred's on the couch; he might be rolling a blunt or smoking already, but sort of watching stuff on TV. I think his friend Darius is in the kitchen with an apron on, asking if the milk was spoiled. And there's this funny sort of dynamic going on there where he asks if the drink is—if the milk is okay to drink, and Alfred is essentially like, "No, I wouldn't recommend you use the milk to drink." And what ends up happening is that you hear the knock on the—you hear the doorbell, and Paper Boy or Alfred and his friend, who you then learn is named Darius, sort of get ready for any sort of danger or altercations. So they essentially grab—I think, well, you later find out Alfred grabs his gun and Darius grabs a knife—and they sort of rush to the door. I think there's money on the table; they're smoking. So then he goes to the door, and then it just kind of cuts to the frame of Earnest at the front door, and there's a gun barrel pointed out the door at him. So Alfred didn't know it was Earnest. And then he pulls the gun back, and then takes the chain lock off the door, and then opens the door and lets Earnest in. And it's a weird—it's not—it's similar to his interaction where with his parents, where you can tell there's some distance there too. And what ends up happening is that Earnest walks in, and Alfred is almost immediately essentially like, "You want to get in on Paper Boy? Like you wanna get in on this whole thing?" And then Darius is there with a plate of cookies and a knife, and I'm assuming for a comedic effect, and tells Earnest his name is Darius and what not. And then they all sit down at a point where they're standing around, and they sit down, and Earnest essentially asks or tells Paper Boy that he'd like to manage him. And then there's a—Alfred essentially hesitates there and asks like, "What do you know about managing? Do you even know where that word comes from?" And then there's a weird also intellectual root-like interaction there where Earnest kind of pulls the Latin original kind of the origin of the word. And Paper Boy kind of pushes that out of the way, and he's like, "Well, I'm not gonna believe that for the sake of my own argument." And then there's this back-and-forthing, and Paper Boy is super reluctant to to do the whole managing thing. Earnest essentially talks about how this would—at this point I'm pretty sure at this point they—it's four thirty, and they're like, "Oh, we're late." And then it cuts to them outside; it's just kind of a grassy area. And there's a couch there just outside, and they're they're just smoking. And then this is where the conversation continues. Earnest is kind of, you know, pleading his case some more, and he's telling them that you know he can make them money. He can make him—they would all essentially make money for themselves and for their children. I think Paper Boy still kind of pulls it back at that point, and essentially rejects Earnest's offer. And I'm not really sure what the dialogue there was, but essentially he tells him that the last time he'd seen him was at Paper Boy's mother's funeral, and then kind of the first interaction they're having again is about money. And it's about this this whole business model, and he didn't—he wasn't super in agreement with that. So he kind of rejects the deal offer at that point and told Earnest to sort of get lost. And then from there—oh, and at that point you also learn that I think some—you learn a little bit about Earnest having gone to Princeton, I believe. And for some reason he might have not completed his degree or something because it's mentioned, and Paper Boy brings it up. And then there's sort of a weird weird silence and vagueness to the situation. You don't really know why, maybe he left or kind of what that situation is, but you also learn that information there. So then next Earnest heads to I'd say a radio studio, but it's in the parking lot. And he kind of runs into or kind of walks over to a guy who then you learn works at the radio station, whose name is Dave. They seem like friends, Earnest and him, and Earn is like immediately—but you can tell they haven't seen each other for a while 'cause Dave's sort of surprised to see him. So Earnest comes, and he sort of, you know, they make small talk at the beginning, and Dave tells him the story about a party that occurred the night before. And he was telling him how he wished, you know, he would've called him beforehand so he could've invited him to his party because the DJ that was there was so bad. And then he tells him the story about how he played Flo Rida back to back. And he essentially goes up to him and being that Dave was white, and talks about going up to the DJ and essentially saying, "Really?" and then says the n-word. And then it was weird because essentially Earnest doesn't respond to this, but you can tell he had thought about it but didn't respond to it. Whatever kind of moves on with his case and asks Dave if he could—if he's heard of Paper Boy. And at that point you get Dave talking about how yeah his stuff is good, and then Earnest essentially asks him if he would play the song on the radio or if he could get his boss to, you know, play the song on the radio. Dave at that point says that he could, but since it's all about kind of connections and knowing people, it takes a five hundred dollars with the mixtape to bring it to his boss, KP they call him. And then Earnest—I mean that sort of surprises him—but they continue sort of walking and talking. Dave is sort of on his way inside and, you know, Dave's on his way inside at this point. Earnest sees one of the sort of janitorial workers, custodians, walking by, kinda moving trash in a dumpster. And he stops him, and for a second he asks him if he, you know, if he knows Dave; he works here. And the man says yes, and he actually asks the man if Dave has ever said the n-word around him. And he says no, essentially how that wouldn't slide with him and how there would be a problem if Dave were to do so. And then Earnest at this point—you can tell he's kind of coming up with a plan, so he asks the man how, and the man's name was Prince. He asks the man sort of how he'd be there, and essentially trying to think what the next scene is. So he yeah he asks him how late he'd be there, and that matters later in time for when he brings the mixtape to the studio. After that scene, I wanna say that Paper Boy—so Alfred, Earnest's cousin—goes to Earnest's parents' house, and he kind of pulls over in a car, and he comes outside. And you see Earnest's mom with his—with Earnest's daughter Lottie kind of playing on the lawn, and his dad is outside as well. And he comes over and he greets Alfred, and he seems like really happy to see him or kind of like there's a good relationship there. So he comes out of the car and he greets them, and Earnest's mom takes Lottie inside, and Earnest's dad he's now talking to Alfred. And Alfred brings up that Earnest wants to manage him, and there's a really interesting dynamic 'cause there's a surprise there. And then I think Alfred also asks Earnest's dad kind of what happened at Princeton, and his dad says like, "I don't know, I think you'd know it before I do," something along those lines. And then there's a funny interaction with Alfred's friend Darius at that point, where Darius is presumably like high on something and is like slowly asking—they might've like smoked right beforehand—asking Earnest's dad if he can measure his tree. And that's just sort of how that scene ends. I'm pretty sure what ends up happening there is that Earnest—it like cuts to a scene of a shoebox, and there's money in a shoebox. The money's taken out, and essentially Earnest walks into the studio that kind of Dave was walking into before where he works. And then Earnest walks into the studio; Prince lets him in, so it's probably late. And then he lets him in, and then he adds the kind of stack of money with the mixtape. You see Dave in the booth, and he sort of just slides the tape with the money under the boss's door. And that's just sort of that scene; there's not much dialogue there. And then he—it cuts to where he's on a bus. He's on a bus with his daughter; his daughter's asleep in his arms. They both kind of have their headphones in; she's asleep. And then this man in a suit, this bald man in a suit, sitting across from him sort of tells him, "You look like your mind is running," like, "You look like you're thinking," essentially, and tells—asks him to talk to him. And he then moves and sits next to Earnest, at which point he pulls out a jar of Nutella and two slices of bread and starts sort of making a sandwich as they're talking. Earnest essentially starts telling him that he feels like he's just losing a lot at this point in time. So kind of it just seems like he's down on himself; a lot of stuff is going wrong. And then he's just talking to this man, and this man asks him to take a bite of the sandwich. And I mean it's weird, so then Earnest is like, "No." But then the man sort of more aggressively asks him to take a bite of the sandwich, at which point a police siren—a police car was driving next to the bus and kind of drives by and catches Earnest's attention. So he looks over, and when he looks back, the man is no longer there, and there's just kind of Nutella in the seat. And then he looks kind of outside, and it looks like the man in the suit is like walking into the woods with what looks like a dog or something. And then what happens next is that Earnest receives a phone call from Paper Boy or Alfred, his cousin. And he calls him to let him know that—or to tell him that, you know, his song is playing on the radio. And Earnest knows that he did this, but doesn't—he just says, "Wow, that was fast." And Alfred asks him to meet him potentially about a management thing more or kind of to work together or something. So then Earnest ends up going to it; it just kind of cuts to a scene where Earnest comes by and then sees Alfred and Darius in the car. So he gets in the car with them; they're sort of smoking, and the song is playing in the background. And then Dave walks by or something, and then he comes to the car window. And there's an interaction there where Earnest asks Dave to kind of retell the story about the party that he was telling Earnest about the night before. And interestingly enough he doesn't tell it the same way; he tells it and then he looks at Paper Boy and then doesn't say the n-word this time. So that was yeah. And then this whole—all of this is going on, and then a woman essentially passes by their car on the driver's side. So then Paper Boy kind of catcalls her, so he looks out the window. And then she shuts him down, and so he yells back at her. And then what ends up happening is that a few moments later there's the same sort of crash of the side window being broken off the car. So it seems that now there's more context to that first scene in the beginning. And then Alfred gets out of the car, and at this point it's like a replay of kind of that first scene of the show. So he gets out of the car and he starts following this guy who just hit his window, and with him is potentially the woman who Paper Boy or Alfred just catcalled. So now there's this altercation going on, and it sort of just cuts; it doesn't go all the way through the way the kind of first scene went, but you see the the backstory to that. Once the window was hit, Paper Boy sort of reaches into his—the glove compartment to pull out what then you find out is a gun, because he sort of gets out of the car without it and the compartment's open. So then Earnest looks down and sees the gun, and then you kind of understand that they—he like gets out of the car as well, kind of just like based on what happened in the first scene. And then there's a gun like one of the—it cuts to a scene where what looks like Earnest's girlfriend or the mother of his child or something, she's essentially getting home from her date, we're assuming. So then she's all dressed up, she walks into the door. Earnest's mom is there actually, so she was probably home taking care of Lottie, of the baby. And she tells her the baby is in her crib, and Earnest had to go do some business, so she leaves really abruptly. And then Earnest's girlfriend or something comes in, and she starts taking off her shoes. She walks by the TV at the exact point where the news sort of gives a live update that there was a shooting outside. I think it was—they said it was outside of a club or something; there was a shooting and two people are in custody. The two people being Alfred the rapper Paper Boy and who they said was his manager Earnest. And then saying that one wounded suspect is still at large. And she hears this and kind of walks back to the TV, and the whole episode sort of ends with her looking at the screen and saying, "Idiot." And there's a sort of disappointment there, and then that's just where the episode stops.