The episode began with a group of people outside of what looked like a gas station, and I think they were arguing or something. But the one guy pulls a gun out, and then the other person flashes that he has a gun on his hip. And—or something about a dog is shown. And then it ends up with the person who had his gun out—I don't remember their names—shooting someone. And then the screen kind of goes black, and then it introduces the show "Atlanta" and the city. And then ends up—and then it takes you to a bedroom. And it's the main character—or one of them whose name I don't remember—is there with his ex-girlfriend or ex-fiancé. And they're in bed, and he is recalling his dream. And his dream was—he'd been up for hours or for a long time; he had his headphones on. And so when the woman woke up, he told her about his dream. And then his dream was something about being in the ocean, and it was something with seaweed. Or not seaweed, but it was a weird dream—I don't remember it—and there being another woman in the dream. And he said she was ugly, but then said he ended up making out with her. And so when he was talking to the woman, he was trying to kiss her. And she was worried about her morning breath, and he didn't care. And then they have a daughter together. And so they were getting ready for the day, and he was taking care of the daughter. And the woman was saying how she's going out and she's gonna be out late until eleven or twelve. And that the guy is gonna have the daughter for the day and gonna have to take care of her for the day that night. And then it ends, or—and then he goes to his parents' house. And they think that he's there for money, and—or so no, first I think someone was showing him a video of this artist with this music video. And apparently it's gonna be really popular 'cause it's a good song. And so he has this idea to be the manager, and I'm pretty sure that person is his cousin. And so then he goes to his parents' house to try to find out where the cousin is. And his dad doesn't want to let him in because they—he thinks he's there for money, and he just wanted to know where the cousin was. And his mom came out and said that he was there yesterday and clogged the toilet, and he needs to eat better in his diet 'cause it was full of candy and unhealthy stuff. And then he ends up going to meet the cousin and proposes the plan of him being the manager. And then he says no. And they're smoking a joint, and the guy who wants to be the manager declined it, said he didn't want it. And then he goes to meet a radio guy or something and to give him the song to play. And he said no it would—or he said it would cost I think five hundred dollars. And so actually when he went to meet the cousin, when he knocked on the door, the cousin pulled out a gun. And the cousin's friend was there too, and—but then didn't end up shooting him. And so yeah, but so then when the main character went to play the song on the radio. He said it would be five hundred dollars, and he—that guy told him—was telling him a story about something funny that happened, and he used the n-word in the story. And then the main character befriends the janitor custodian who's taking the trash out. Later in the episode, that's how he ends up getting in to the building to give the CD and the money is because that custodian lets him in. And so he goes and gets the five hundred dollars from his shoebox or his shoe, and then delivers it with the CD, and it ends up being played on the radio. And then so once it gets played on the radio, I think he became the manager. And then he was picking—he got his daughter up. He got his daughter, and they were on a bus. And there was a man across from them on the bus who was kind of creepy. And then he ends up coming and sitting next to the main character. And he was making a Nutella sandwich and offered it to the main character, wanted him to take a bite. And he said no, it was really weird. And then there was blue lights, a police car driving by, and then the bus stops. And then, well the creepy guy beforehand gave the main character advice, but weird advice. I think it was something to do with a river. And then so the blue lights pass, and then the bus stops. And then it shows the creepy guy was no longer on the bus, and he's walking into the woods, and he has the dog with him that was there at the beginning of the episode. And so then the creepy guy is gone, and he's on the bus. And then the main character and the singer who's his cousin and the friend were all in the car. And the singer and the main character were in the front seat, and the other guy was in the back seat. And they were outside of what looked like a gas station from the beginning. And the cousin offered him a joint this time, and he hit it. And someone came, and—oh, there was a woman there, and he—the singer guy—kind of catcalled to her. And she did not like it obviously, and she yelled something back at him. And he got mad and yelled at her agin. And then a man who was with the woman—I'm guessing he was with the woman—he came, and he knocked the mirror off of the car. So the guy, the singer, got really mad, went to reach for the gun. And the main character stopped him and said, "No, you gotta be thinking about the money and the future, you can't do this." And then so the guy, the singer, left the car to go after this guy in person without the gun. And then the main character ends up grabs the gun and goes out there. And then it shows the dog is there again. And I can't remember if the—I think the gun was shot, I don't know who shot it though. And then it shows a scene of the woman who's the main character's ex-girlfriend or wife or whatever getting home from work. And it's late, and the TV is on in the background with the news. And it's talking about random stuff on the news, and it says how there's been a shooting outside. I think that they said a club or something, but to me it looks like a gas station, and if it's the same thing. And how the singer and the main character were the two suspects. And the person that they shot—I don't know if they had him in custody or whatever or if he's seeking medical care or not. But the the gun hasn't been found, so no one has been caught. And yeah.