Alright, so the last episode of Atlanta started out with Earn and his cousin in front—of Paper Boy, I think his name was—and they're in front of the liquor store with a group of other people. A fight breaks out eventually, and there's a gunshot. And then it cuts to the opening credits for the show. And again, the opening credits kind of show the two different socioeconomic sides of the city. So there's the more rich side with really big houses and gated communities, and then there's the poor side. And yeah, then they—the first scene is Earn's girlfriend's apartment, and they're in bed. And he is recalling to her his dream that he had about swimming in this sea of hands that are trying to drag him down. And there's another girl there. So naturally, his girlfriend is interested in the other girl, and she asked him about that. And after that—after he recalls his dream, then—I think then he goes and says—wakes up his daughter. So it introduced that he has a kid with his girlfriend. Again, their relationship is kind of unclear because I don't think Earn is technically living with them, or doesn't have enough money to really pay rent, but his parents don't really want him to live with them either, so I don't really know if they're living together. And also, she announces that she's going to a date with somebody else later tonight, later that night, so there's a bit of tension. It's—I guess we're introduced to a couple problems right from the first scene, kind of the struggles with money and their relationship struggles, and the fact that he has a daughter to take care of and support, pretty young daughter too. I'd say she's about two years old; I'm not sure if they ever mention any age. And then we go to—the next scene is him at work. He works at an airport trying to sell some special deal, I believe. Or he's trying to sell something to just a random passerby, a lot of people who pass by, and he's not very good. And he works on commission, so he's trying to get more people to buy his product. And he talks to his friend at work, kind of about what he's going through. And his friend at work pulls up the Paper Boy video music video on his phone. And it's fairly popular, or he assumes that he's going to—it's going to blow up or get more popular. And then I think Earn tells his friend that he is Paper Boy's cousin. I'm not sure if his friend really believes him. But—and then after that, I believe he goes and visits his cousin at his house. And there's another guy there who is talking to him about his rapping career. And Earn proposes the idea of becoming Paper Boy's manager, because if Paper Boy is his cousin, he's going to continue with his rap career, he would need someone to manage things. And Paper Boy actually is not very fond of the idea. I don't know if the other guy in the room was thinking about being his manager, or if he just didn't think he needed one, but he kinda dismisses the idea at first. But Earn is very persistent and kinda keeps that idea with him. And then he goes—Earn goes to visit his friend who works at the radio station. The friend starts by discussing the party that happened recently with—the DJ was awful and kept playing Flo Rida songs, so that's where their interaction starts. And what happened after that—he tells his friend that he wants to play Paper Boy's song on the radio. And his friend gives him a price that he would have to pay for him to do that, 'cause even though they're friends, he wasn't gonna do it for free. I forget exactly what the price was, but it was a pretty decent amount of money. And Earn is struggling to, you know, even pay rent, so that was a big thing for him. But he goes—also, at one point, he goes and visits his mom and dad. And they assume he's asking for money, so they kinda dismiss him. He goes back home, or I believe back—he goes somewhere, and in a shoebox he keeps his money. So he goes to a shoebox, gets the money, and gets a CD of Paper Boy's song and gives it to his friend who works at the radio. And then, the next scene is he—at one point he goes on a bus with his daughter. And he meets his kinda weird guy on the bus who comes up to him. And Earn starts talking about how he thinks he's losing in life, or that, you know, in life there are just winners and losers, and that's the way things are, and kinda going on about his struggles. And the guy next to him is a bit strange, and I think he wants him to eat a sandwich, not quite sure if that exactly is right. But he wants him to eat a sandwich, which is very strange. So Earn says, "No." And the bus stops, and the guy disappears and runs off into the woods, so that was a strange little—anyway. While they're—the importance of that is that, while he's on that bus, his cousin calls him because his song was on the radio after Earn paid his friend to get it on there. So his cousin tells him to come over—I think he's in a car in front of a liquor store, I think—and tells Earn to come over. And they're going to discuss the idea of Earn being his manager again because clearly he did something right. I know at one point Paper Boy goes to Earn's parents' house, which would be his aunt and uncle. And he asks if it'd be a good idea for—or I guess he mentions that Earn wants to be his manager. And he says he's a bit, you know, apprehensive about that prospect. And his—Earn's dad says that if—he would be a bit apprehensive about that 'cause Earn is not always the most responsible, but clearly did something right because his song's on the radio. So they go to—he joins him in his car. They're listening to the song on the radio, they're all pretty happy. I believe his other friend, Paper Boy's other friend that was at his house that one time, is there. At one point Earn's friend at the radio stops by, they're all pretty excited about the song. And then some guy comes and knocks off his car mirror—side mirror. And I believe the guy who did it was pretty rich, or I assume is pretty rich 'cause Earn says something about not to mess with money. So yeah, Paper Boy's pretty upset about his mirror being broken. And he goes after the guy even though Earn tells him not to. He goes out of his car and is like, "You're gonna have to pay me back for that." And then they're just—we don't really see exactly what's happening, but there's clearly some type of fight that breaks out, or something happens. And Earn, we see him go get a gun from the glove compartment of the car. You—even though he initially didn't wanna bother anyone, didn't want his cousin to walk out and address the guy who did this. But he goes out, I guess, to help his cousin, or I don't know exactly why. But he goes out of the car with this gun, maybe to break up the fight or something. But we don't really see what exactly happens, we just hear a gunshot. And then the next scene is Earn's girlfriend walking back home. Her daughter—or their daughter is being watched by Earn's mom. And on the news, they're talking about a crime that just broke out at the liquor store. I'm not sure if they say anybody was killed or just injured, or exactly what happened, but they're describing the fight we kinda saw in the previous scene. And they're looking for two suspects, one being Paper Boy and one being Earn, and they show us pictures. And then I think the episode ends with Earn's girlfriend just being very annoyed at the fact that Earn had gotten himself into this type of trouble, especially when he has a daughter to care for and, you know, money's tight. But yeah, so she's very visibly annoyed that he had done this. Although I don't think she looks that shocked, which is funny 'cause, I don't know, he gets himself into situations like this quite often. Not really sure, but she seems to be pretty collected, so I don't know. Yeah, so that's how the episode ends, with the news episode or news show saying they're looking for Earn, and I believe that's pretty much it.