So the show opens with the scene with Earn, Paper Boy, or Alfred, and Darius are at a gas station and they're having an altercation with another group of people because of a broken mirror. And Paper Boy brings out a gun, and then Earn brings out a gun as well, and then we hear a gunshot, so it indicates that someone was shot in this altercation. And we don't know any context because it's the very beginning of the opening of the scene. And then the show opens with Earn and his girlfriend, we think, but they're going through some trouble in their relationship cause she's seeing other guys, and they have a kid together named Lottie. And then so we know that Earn's struggling a little bit because he doesn't have a steady job and he's kind of homeless, kind of not, cause he's living with Van, which is his girlfriend, kind of girlfriend. So then he, he finds his cousin Alfred, which is Alfred is becoming a sort of hit with the rap music, so he wants to become his manager. So then he tracks down Alfred and asks him to be his manager, but Alfred's kinda not sure he should let him be his manager because he hasn't really seen Earn in a while, and he said the last time he saw him was at his mom's funeral, and he comes in asking him to, "Let's get rich together," so he's kind of, he thinks he's only in it for the money, so at that point he's not sure if he should be his manager. And then this is when we're introduced to the character Darius, who is Alfred's friend and partner, I guess, in the rap music. So then Earn takes things into his own hands and decides to go visit his friend at a radio company or radio broadcasting and tries to get him to play, play Paper Boy's music on the radio network. So then in order to do that, he has to pay five hundred dollars, and so they can play his music. So then Earn tells his friend that he doesn't have that money, but then later on we see that he ends up getting the money, he ends up getting into the building through one of the custodial workers, and so Earn gets the five hundred dollars and he gets a song, or Paper Boy's song, played on the radio. So then Paper Boy, when he hears the song playing, calls Earn and tells is kind of happy that his song's on the radio and says, "We'll discuss it," because Earn's like, "Well, then am I your manager now?" He's like, "Just calm down." And then so he comes to the gas station and you can kinda start seeing how this is related to the opening of the scene. So then Earn goes down to the gas station and then he gets in Alfred's car and they start smoking, and then Alfred is high. So then Alfred talks to, he kinda harasses a girl who's walking past, and then all of a sudden some guy comes and kicks off Alfred's mirror of his car, and it kinda connect that this broken mirror is related to the broken mirror at the opening of the scene. And then Alfred gets angry, he tries reaching for the, for the gun in the glove compartment, but Earn stops him from doing that. So then Alfred gets out of the car angrily, and then Earn gets out of the car too, and then he just hears a gunshot. And then the scene goes to Earn's parents' house where the news is on, and then his girlfriend, kind of not girlfriend, comes in, Van, and she sees, she walks in to get their daughter Landie, who Earn's supposed to watch that day. And then when she's walking and she hears the news, and on the news it says there is a shooting that occurred between two suspects, and then they show two suspects, which they show Paper Boy and they show Earn's picture. And then she says something like, "Idiot," or something. And then that's when the scene closes. So yeah, that's pretty much it. So the scene ends with the, the opening of this episode was the closing of the scene, and it's kind of all about it's mainly between Earn and him trying to do something with his life because he's kind of at a down point right now, and his parents are kind of upset with him. And he's, and then so going back, Paper Boy shows up to Earn's parents' house and tells his dad that Earn wants to be his manager and if he thinks he should do it. And then his dad just gives him some advice saying that Earn isn't is in it for, Earn when he sets his mind to something he'll do it, so he just gives him that advice. And then he have Darius in the car who's high, and he just asks the dad if he can measure his tree, and then the dad's like, "Maybe another time," he says no or it's not the time. So then that was that scene. And so yeah, that was basically the whole scene. Going back to when the very opening, the Van tells Earn that he's supposed to watch Landie or Lottie, he's supposed to watch her, name's Lottie, he was supposed to watch Lottie. She makes sure to tell him not to just leave her at his parents' house and because he's in charge of her for him to take care of her, and he ends up just leaving him, leaving her at his parents' house. And we can see him when he's on the bus, so this is sort of weird scene because there is a character that was introduced, a man wearing a suit spreading Nutella on two pieces of bread, and then Earn is sitting in the bus with his headphones and Lottie in his hands, and the guy just asks Earn to take a bite of his sandwich, and Earn's like, "No, I'm not doing that." And then you hear the police sirens, and then the guy just runs or disappears off the bus, leaves his Nutella, and then just goes into the woods with a dog. So that was kind of a weird scene because we're not really sure what context is in that scene. And yeah, that's pretty much it. So let me think what else happened. So Paper Boy is becoming a big hit. And then okay, going back to the very opening scene, we know that during this altercation between Paper Boy, Darius, and Earn, they say that he's Paper Boy, and then the guy in the altercation's like, "His music sucks," and he isn't a fan. And then Darius is high and he's thinking that this is deja vu. Oh, and then the dog, I think the dog might be the dog the guy in the suit was going into the woods with, cause Darius says there's gonna be a dog there with a guy from Texas or something about Texas, and there's a dog, and he says like, "This is deja vu." And then the other guy asks, "What is he on?" And that's when the whole altercation begins. And then they pull out the gun, and then everyone's freaking out, and Earn tells him no, and then Earn has his gun, and then the other guy shows his gun, and they just start, and then everyone pulls out their gun, and you just hear a gunshot. So at the opening scene you don't know who got shot, but then when you see the end you know it's not Paper Boy or Earn because they're suspects, so you could assume that Paper Boy shot the other man in the altercation. And okay, going back to when Earn goes to the radio, the radio station, when he meets his friend, his friend tells him a story about how he was at an event and there is a DJ, but the DJ kept playing Flo Rida, and we can tell that this guy, I think his name is Davin, I'm not sure, or Dave, was not into Flo Rida, and he tells like, "Really," and then says the n-word. And then that's when Earn was like, "You really said that to him?" And he's like, "Yeah." And then when they go back to the gas station, the next couple scenes when they're at the gas station, the friend Dave from the radio network shows up and he says hi, and then Earn asked him to repeat the story of him at the event with the DJ, and he does but he leaves out the part where he says the n-word, he just says, "Really." And then Darius is like, "Well, I kinda like Flo Rida," and then the friend was like, "Yeah, that was kind of dumb story, I don't know why Earn," he had, he doesn't know why Earn had him say the story, but at the scene where he first saw Earn he was very happy of the story, sort of, so you can kind of see change, he knew not to say that part of the story. And then that's when he leaves, and then it sort of begins with the breaking of the mirror, and that's when the whole altercation occurred which has led to someone getting shot. And going back to the radio station, he, this is when Earn meets the custodian worker with while he's moving a dumpster, and he asks, he asks him if Dave or the radio show person, radio network person, has ever said the n-word to him. And that's when the guy's like, he was like, "No, I'd get violent with him," he said something like to that manner. And that's when he asked him what time he's gonna stay here to, and that's the when he gets into the building. Going back when Dave meets him at the gas station, he asks him how he got in the building, and that's when Earn says he has his ways, but really we know it was that custodian worker, he just didn't tell his friend that, or we think they're friends. And let's see, so that was pretty much the plot. Oh, okay, I'm not sure if I said this already, but going back after the very opening scene when it goes to Atlanta and then or no, it might've been before that, but after the opening scene of the gunshot, we know that when Van and Earn are at Van's house, Van is going to see is dating other people a person, and Earn's not very happy with that. But when Earn goes to his parents' house, he tells his mom this, and his mom says, "Good for her," so we know that there's something that the mom knows something about that relationship, and he's proud of the daughter for not the daughter, proud of the girlfriend for seeing other people. And also when they're in the bed at one of the beginning of the scenes, Van tells Earn to say, "I love you," and he just laughs, and that makes Van upset, so we can see this kind of trouble in their relationship that is off to a rocky start. But we know they have a daughter Lottie, and it was Earn's responsibility to take care of her that day, but he, he does have her, but he just leaves her at his parents' house, which kind of shows that he's, he, Lottie's not number one on his agenda because he's focused on trying to get Alfred to let him be his manager, to let Earn be his manager.