So in the beginning, the five people are standing in the parking lot of a liquor store. There are two groups, so there's the three men and then there are the—there's the couple, I think, which is a girl and a boy. And so they're basically just confronting each other. And then the one guy spots that dog on the side of the parking lot. And then it goes to a different scene which—okay, so it pans over the town and it shows just the streets and the houses which look pretty run down. And then there's the scene in the house and basically—okay, so there's a boy and there's a guy and a girl and they're in bed and the guy has headphones on and I think they both just woke up and he's talking about dreams he had again or something. And then they start kissing and then she says, "Say you love me." And he kinda just stares at her and he doesn't say it. And then she gets frustrated or irritated and then he says it but it's too late and she's already really annoyed. And then so they get up and then they have a kid and so they go to her room or something. And then the girl's talking about how she has a date that night, so she has parent teacher conferences and a date that night. So the guy, whose name I cannot remember—main character—so she says he has to take their kid, he has to be in charge of their kid that night. And she says she's not gonna be back until eleven. And then he was like, "You have parent teacher conferences until eleven?" And she also has a date. And then so after that—after that, I think, I'm not sure if it's the exact same actor but I know he wants to get a job or something. And so he goes to this building and then meets with—he meets with the guy who works there which I think is some sort of worker label sort of company. And the guy—so they have a conversation I think and basically tells the—the guy who he runs into in the parking lot and tells him this story and he says the n-word and the main character guy is like kinda offended, he doesn't really know how to react or something. And then yes and then I think they start talking—well the guy who he ran into at the parking lot starts talking about Paper Boy who is an up and coming rapper or something, something. And then he—the main character realizes that that's his cousin, I think. And so that happens. And then I think he tries to get the guy he ran into to let him work there or or he's trying to get him to let him produce the records or. He was like, "I'm his cousin, I can make this work." And so he goes near—he walks towards the building I think and he runs into the janitor. And okay, so they're both African American and he basically told—well he asked the custodian like, "What if someone said the n-word to you?" or something. And then he gets super—well he was like, "I would beat him up," or something—he was just being saying he would be really upset about it. And then I guess they kinda have a bonding moment or whatever. And then yeah the—okay, so the guy who he was talking to earlier is white and he was like, "If you want to produce or whatever you need this amount of money." And it was a lot, something—I don't know, oops. And then after he—the main character, whatever his name—okay, the main character goes to his parents' house and he knocks on the door and his dad answers and he won't let him in because he is—they're basically saying, "You're probably here to ask for money and whatever," and I guess they're tired of helping him out and all that stuff. And so he refuses to let him in. And then his mom comes too and then he told them that the girl he was with earlier has a date tonight. And then they're like, "Good for her," and all that. And then they're—he was like, "Don't worry, I'm not here to ask for money, I'm just here to ask where Albert is." I think he's Paper Boy, I think his name was Albert. But he asked where he is. And then he's like, "Yeah, I might have a job coming up or something, I'm about to make myself big." And so he leaves his parents' house to find Albert. And when he finds them, he's in his house I think with another guy who's—and they—it's kinda strange he knocked on the door and Albert had a gun and he pointed it at him I guess because they're used to it possible dangers or whatever. So he pointed the gun at him but once he realizes who it was he took it down. And also the weird guy was had his cookies and he was hiding behind a corner with a knife. And then he let them in. And then basically they had a conversation and the main character was like, "I heard that you're Paper Boy or something, let me be your manager." And then Albert's like, "Absolutely not, why would I trust you to be my manager?" and all that stuff. So basically he was saying no. And then I'm not sure what exactly happened after that. I know so the main character then leaves and goes to—somehow he gets money, I don't know how. And then he goes back to the record building where the custodian presumably lets him in and then he gives the person there the record. Yes. And then I think he's like taking the bus or something, he's taking the bus home or to somewhere and he has their kid. And there's a weird guy sitting next to him who's pretty tall and pretty strange and he's eating a sandwich or something. And then they started talking and the main character told him all of his problems and the guy who was sitting next to him was like, "Take a bite out of this sandwich," or something. And then it was really weird. And then the main character got a call from Albert, I think. And then the stranger left and he saw that the stranger had the dog that we saw at the beginning of the episode but he had to call Albert. And so he answers and then I think Albert's basically like, "I'll let you be your manager," or something. Like he was like, "Yes, I changed my mind, yeah," or something. And then they're in a car the main character, Albert and then the weird friend. They're in the car and they went to—they were driving by the record place and then Albert, Paper Boy's song's playing on the radio. And then the white person from earlier comes out to talk to them. And then I think Albert—the main character asks him to tell the story that I think he told at the beginning. I'm not sure if he tells this whole story but completely without the n-word even though he had said it a lot when he was talking to just the main character, this time he did not say it at all. And then after that I think they go to the liquor store and then that's where—okay, so they're at the liquor store and then the two people the guy and the girl hit the window thing off the car and so they get out, confront each other. And I think Albert has his gun to the guy's chest and so I think he did fire, I think he did shoot, I don't remember. And then I think they said that they had caught people except I don't know, I think it was on the news or something. And also I don't remember when this came up in the show but I remember the main character is—was really smart and I think I guess people thought he was gonna go to Princeton or something but he didn't go for reasons I think they did not say.