So the episode started with two men in a car, and then one guy got out and starts yelling at another guy who had just— you don't know he kicked down the mirror at that time, but he had just broken a mirror on his— on the other guy's car. And he ran over and was asking for the money because he had just broken his car to pay for the— and the other guy who had broken the car was with a girl, and he was trying to act cool in front of her and was talking rudely back at the other guy. And then that guy whose car broke said that he was a rapper, and the other guy was like, "Oh yeah, we've heard your songs," and then starts making fun of him for being not a good rapper. And then he— the guy, the rapper— pulled out a gun and put it up against his— against the guy who broke his car's chest. And then he started laughing, and someone else brought out a gun, and then he showed that he had a gun in his pants. And then he— the guy, the rapper— shot him, or you heard a gunshot, you didn't actually see it. And then the screen went blank, and then it panned over a neighborhood and was playing a song, and then it showed the words Atlanta, or the word Atlanta. And then it went to the scene of one of the guys who was in the car, not the guy who actually shot the guy, but the other guy, and he was in bed with headphones on listening to music. And then it pans over and he's in bed with a woman, and she starts to groggily move around, and then she pulls down his headphones to hear that he's listening to music, and she asks him why he's up, and he doesn't really respond. And then they talk for a little bit, and then he tries to kiss her, and she's like, "No, no, I have gross morning breath." And then he smelled it and was like, "Oh no, I like that, what is that?" And she started laughing, and they were flirtily laughing, and he was trying to kiss her. And then they started kissing, and he got on top of her, and then he started kissing her neck, and she asked him to tell her he loved her, and he laughed. And then she immediately pulled back and was like, "Why did you laugh?" And he got pretty flustered, and then he said that he loves her. And then she got up and went into the bathroom, and she was obviously angry that he was acting that way. And then he reminded her— she reminded him that he had to take care of their kid that night cause she had parent-teacher conferences. And then he went over to his daughter, picked her out of her crib, and was like, "Oh, she's so cute," and then picked her up and brought her over to the bathroom. And then he asked what time the mom would be back, and she said around eleven, and he said, "Oh, isn't that kinda late?" And she said, "Oh, I have a date," under her breath. And then he was like, "Oh, she has a date," and she walked away. And then he was talking to his daughter, and he was like, "Yeah, this is— this is a healthy place for you to grow up." And then it went to him at work, and it looked like he was in an airport and was trying to sell credit cards to the people walking by, and he had a partner that he was doing it with, and they couldn't get anyone to stop. And one guy actually said, "Fuck off," when he went to ask if he wanted to buy a credit card, and he was like, "Oh, that's great." And then they panned to across the hallway, and there was a woman who was doing the same job as they were, but she was doing it a lot better cause she was a little older, and they said she was using the elderly woman act. And so she was getting a young guy to sign on for a credit card, and he asked her if he would be able to get a free vacation out of it, and she said, "Oh yeah," and like, "I'll get you a free flight if you keep flirting with me." And then the two guys started talking, and the partner guy was asking if he had heard a new song, and the guy was like, "No, I haven't." And then he was like, "Let me show it to you," and he showed the music video, and it was Paper Boy, who was the other guy in the car who had shot the guy earlier in the first scene, and he was singing his songs, and there were a bunch of girls in the background, and they were dancing and scantily glad. And the guy was like, "Oh, that's my cousin, his name is Earn." And Earn— so the guy whose cousin it is, his name is Earn. And he and the other guy was like, "Oh, your cousin is like that girl, damn, she thick." And then he was like, "Oh no, not her, like the singer. Oh, your cousin's Paper Boy, like you should hop on that, you can get a lot of money from that." And then the next scene is him going to— Earn going to his parent's house, I think, and he knocks on the door, and his dad answers, and his mom is in the room. And he was like, "How are you?" And his dad is like, "Good, how are you?" And he was like, "Good." And Earn was like, "Are you gonna invite me in?" The dad said, "No, that'll cost me too much money, but I don't have that kinda money." And Earn was like, "Do you really think I'm here for money?" And his mom was like, "You always are." And they're talking about how he had left his shit in the toilet, and she had gone through it and found candy and cookies and stuff. And he was like, "That wasn't me," and she was like, "Oh yes it was, like you need to start eating healthier." And he was like, "Alright." And then he told his mom that the girl that he was in bed with earlier had a date, and she said, "Oh, good for her." And he was like, "Mom, I'm your son, like that's not good." And she's like, "Yeah, that's good for her." And then he left, and it panned to him at the house, and he knocked on the door and goes in and sees his cousin, who is the rapper from the video. And he had the rapper has some guy with him who had a gun— no, he had a knife. And the rapper opened the door with a gun pointed at Earn, and Earn was like, "Oh," like something about a peephole, and then he let him in. And the guy who was with the rapper had a knife, and he was waiting by the door with the knife, and the guy was like, "Relax, chill." The rapper was like, "Relax, you don't need to have that with you, and it's just my cousin." And he came in, and the guy offered Earn a cookie, and he took it. And then he started talking to his cousin and told him he wanted to be his manager, and the rapper was like, "No, like you're not my manager, sorry." And then he was like, "Oh shit, we're late," and they went out. And they were in a couch in outside, like it looked like it was in the middle of the city, like on a patch of grass, just a couch outside, and they're all smoking. And Earn was still like, "I wanna be your manager," and he was like, "No," and he refused again. And then Earn was like, "But I have connections," and he was like, "Okay, like you're never gonna do it though." And so then it panned to the next scene, and Earn was at— was in a parking lot, and he sees some white guy that he knows, and he was like, "Oh, hey," and he was like, "Oh, Earn." And then started telling him about a party he was at, he was like, "If I had known you were in town, I would've invited you to a party last night." And then he was telling him that the DJ was really bad and it was ruining the vibe of the party, and then the DJ played two Flo Rida songs in a row, and he was like, "So I had to pull him aside." And then he was like, "And he said the n-word to him," and the guy was like, "You actually said that?" Like, "Yeah, like I had to." And the guy is wearing a like not a necklace but a key chain holder thing around his neck that says the radio station on it. And so he was like, "Oh, can I come in and I have a new song, or one of my friends has a song that you should play?" And he was like, "Yeah, for five hundred dollars." And the dude was like— Earn was like, "I don't have five hundred dollars." He was like, "Sorry." And he was like, "Do you wanna do it?" And he was like, "No, it's all a business, man." And then and then he left. And then Earn came back, and then Earn saw a janitor and was like, "Did that guy ever say the n-word to you?" And the janitor was like, "No, like if he did, like I'd kick him in the mouth." And he was like, "Oh, okay." And he was like, "Oh, what's your name?" And the guy said his name was Prince. He said, "Oh, for real?" And he was like, "Yeah." And he goes, "What time do you lock up, or what time do you leave, or something like that?" And then he shook his hand. And then it went to the next part where he was going into his house with a shoebox, and he grabbed money out of it, and he went back to the radio station and put the disk under the— the main DJ, apparently guy who decides what music is played, he puts it under his door. And then this might've been before, I don't know if it was after that, but there he's on a— it shows Earn on a bus. It's a different scene, so Earn's on a bus with headphones on, and he's holding his daughter who also has pink headphones on that has a little crown on the top, and she's asleep. And then the guy next to him, who's sitting next to him, who's dressed in a grey suit, and he comes over and asks like, "What's wrong?" And Earn starts talking about how he— how he feels like he's always losing, and he wonders if people have to lose in this world so that the winners have someone to compare themselves to and things like that. And meanwhile this guy is sitting next to him making a sandwich, making a Nutella sandwich. And after Earn stops talking, he pushes the sandwich up to his mouth and was like, "Eat this sandwich, take a bite." And he was like, "No, I'm good, man." He was like, "Take a bite of this sandwich." And police lights flash behind Earn and the guy, and Earn looks away, and when he looks back the guy's gone, but there's still Nutella sitting on the thing on the bus seat. And then he looks out the window and sees the guy walking away, that was in the first scene that I forgot to mention, but there was a biggish dog in the first scene when he was— when the rapper shot the guy who had broken his car, and the guy on the bus was walking away with the dog. And then Earn comes back or Earn gets off the bus and gets call, and it's his rapper cousin who is listening to his song being played on the radio, supposedly because Earn brought the song to the radio station. And he was like, "You gotta come meet me," and he was like, "Like be your manager." And he goes, "Just calm down and come meet me." And so then it pans to him getting into the car with his cousin, and the guy's who's with his rapper friend, his rapper cousin, in the first scene was in the back seat, and they start smoking together. And the rapper is obviously very happy and excited that his song is being played. And the same guy from the first scene comes in and kicks down his window, the side mirror of the car, so that's the beginning of the first scene. And before that, the rapper went to his to Earn's parents' house to ask his dad if it's crazy to make Earn his manager, and his dad says no like or says like, "Yeah, I understand why it's crazy." And he later says that Earn gets things done when he puts his mind to it the way he wants to do it. And then it eluded to like saying like he went to Princeton or maybe he dropped out of Princeton, so that was something else we learned about Earn. And then the last scene was a picture, it was the woman in the first the scene with the bed. She walked into her house after what looked like a date, she took off her her high heels and started walking across the room, and then heard the TV and the news was on. And it said there was a shooter and that there were two suspects including the rapper and then Earn, and it said that they were both in custody, and that the victim who was hurt like was not like they didn't know who he was or something. And then she looked at the TV and was like, "Idiots." And that was the end.