Okay, so the episode starts with in a parking lot outside of what looks like a convenience store, and you have there's Paper Boy, whose real name is Alfred, and he's cousins with Earn, whose real name is Earnest. And then there's another guy in a white shirt with patterns and this girl wearing blue. And Paper Boy's really upset because his the his car mirror has been smashed off, so he gets into an argument with the other guy and pulls out a gun on him, and eventually think three guns were pulled out. And then the scene zooms out a little bit and you hear a gun fire, so someone's shot. And then it the then it goes to a scene of Atlanta; it shows different scenery of Atlanta and it shows the word Atlanta. Then the next scene, Earn is in bed with his I don't remember the girl's name but the father the mother to his child, and he's playing music loudly on his headphones. And she says something like, "Why are you up already?" And he describes that he had a really weird dream in which he was under the water with some girl, and there was seaweed but the seaweed looked more like hands. And then the girl asks— and then the woman next to him says, "Oh, like who was this girl like?" And he goes, "Oh no, she was fat," to make her feel better. And she goes, "Oh, but did you kiss her?" And he says, "Well, yeah." And then they start kissing. And then she says, "Tell me you love me." And he kind of laughs, and she asks, "Why did you laugh? Why do you always do that?" And he goes, "Because you always ask me that and of course I love you." And then she goes, "Why don't you tell me that?" He goes, "I love you." And then she gets frustrated and walks out of bed and goes to the bathroom and starts untying the buttons from her hair. And then Earn gets up and goes to his child Lottie, who's wearing a yellow I think outfit, and she's three years old or so. So he picks up Lottie. And then the mother reminds him, "You know you have Lottie tonight." He goes, "Oh yeah." And then he whispers to Lottie, "Oh, I didn't know that." And then they talk about the rest of the night. He asks her, "When will you be home?" She says, "I'll be home at eleven." And he asks, "Oh, are you gonna be doing something with your parents?" He goes, "No, I"— she says, "No, I have a date." And then she also has parent-teacher conferences, so he's supposed to take Lottie tonight. And then she also mentions earlier sorry prior, "If you're gonna keep living here, you know you gotta pay me rent." And he goes, "I'll get it to you by tonight. What time will you be home?" And then that's when she says, "I'll be home at eleven." And then the next scene is Earn at work with another guy, and they're in an airport trying to sell a credit card. And they then across from them is this older black woman who's also selling a credit card and doing a better job because she's flirting with this there's this one young guy that comes up, and he asks, "Oh, does this mean I can get a free cruise?" And she says, "Yeah, anything for you because you're flirting with me." So then she's kind of mocking Earn and his and his partner who can't get anyone to buy the credit cards because they say because they're not old women. Then Earn's partner brings up that about Paper Boy; he's like, "Have you heard about Paper Boy? He's getting so famous." And then he and then Earn says, "No, you know I haven't really been keeping up with that stuff." And then he his the other guy pulls out a video of Paper Boy's music video, and Earn says, "You know that's my cousin." And the other guy thinks he's referring to one of the girls that he says, "He's hot." And then Earn says, "No, Paper Boy's my cousin." And then the guy says, "Well, you should get in on that, you should be his manager." And so Earn's then leaves and he goes to his parents' house. So at his parents' house, his parents don't let him in cause he says cause they say, "I'm I'm not rich enough to I can't afford that." And Earn's like, "Oh well, where's Alfred? I'm looking for Alfred, my cousin." And then they argue whether Earn has been there or not and he left a turd in the toilet, and that's how they know that Earn was just there yesterday he's not he's not smart enough to even try and cover that he's been staying there. So then his parents said say, "I love you but"— and then bye. And so then Earn goes to Alfred's apartment with and he walks in, and the first thing when he opens the door, Paper Boy pulls a gun on him but then realizes who he is, lets him in. And then the other friend Darius has a knife but then he puts it down and offers him cookies. Earn you know kind of implies that he wants to be his manager, and then Paper Boy's not having it cause he thinks he doesn't need a manager. They offer him a smoke, and then Earn declines. And then Darius is, "Oh shit, it's four thirty, we're gonna be late." And then the next scene is the three of them outside on a couch smoking, and they continue to talk about being Earn being the manager. And Earn tries to explain, "Oh, you you need me, you don't have sex appeal, you're not white, I can help you." And then Paper Boy's like, "You're just homeless." And they talk about he's like, "Yeah, but I'm not really homeless, I don't have a phone for a rat." Then Darius mentions, "Oh, how much how much sense that would make if phones were rats were phones," cause in New York City there's five rats to every person. And then Paper Boy asks he says, "I know what happened between you and the mother, I don't remember her name." He goes, "No, I bet you don't." And then Earn also declines smoke. And then they walk back, and Paper Boy says, "You didn't even after my mother's funeral I haven't seen you since, and then you just come here asking for money, so no." Next, Earn goes to this recording studio, and he in the parking lot he runs into this white guy who has four coffee Starbucks four Starbucks that he's bringing in. And the white guy tells him the story about how he was at a launch party for their station, and the DJ was really bad, and the DJ kept playing Flo Rida songs song after song, and that and that the white guy had to pull over the DJ and say, "Really n-word." Earn is obviously surprised that the guy just used the n-word; he goes, "Did you really say that?" And he goes, "Yeah." Then he says, "Okay, cool." And then Earn kind of vouches to show the record to this higher up guy, I think Casey or KJ or something. And the white guy says, "I don't really know, I don't think so." And so then he leaves. And then Earn runs into or then in the parking lot he sees the trash man named Prince, and he says, "How late how late are you?" He asks no first he asks him, "Has that has that white guy ever called you the n-word?" He goes, "Are you kidding me? I would kick his ass or something." And then he asks him, "How late are you here?" Then the next scene, Earn sneaks into the recording studio while the white guy is still broadcasting live, and he slips he has the CD of Paper Boy and some cash in there, and he slips it under the door of one of the head execs. Then the next scene he's Earn is on the bus I believe— oh no no no, the next scene Alfred goes to his Earn's parents' house, and Lottie's playing in the yard with the mom, and Alfred says, "Oh, can I see can I say hi to Lottie?" And then the mom's like, "Nah, she's got enough contact smoke just from here." And Alfred's looking for Earn; the dad says, "Oh, he's not here." And then the next scene, Earn is on the bus, and he's holding his daughter Lottie who's has pink headphones on is listening to music. And across from him is this man light skinned man in a suit and a bow tie, and I can't really tell if he was real or imaginary, but then he moves across and sits right next to Earn and starts talking about I don't remember what he starts talking about something very obscure. And then he pulls out two pieces of white bread and Nutella and starts making his sandwich, and he shoves it in Earn's face, and he says, "Oh, take a bite." And Earn's like, "No." And then he says, "Take a bite." And then the man disappears. And then Earn looks to his to his to his right, and there's just Nutella jar. And he looks outside, and the the man in the suit is walking into the woods with a dog. Then Earn is pulls out his phone to text the mother, I think her, and the and the text was saying, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" And then before he sends it, he gets a call from Alfred Paper Boy, and Paper Boy showing that Paper Boy's on the radio, and he says, "Yo, come thru," like the song is on the radio. So Alfred meets them back in the original where the show started outside of the convenience store slash bar thing, gets in the car, has a smoke or smokes this joint. And then he doesn't mention that it was that he's responsible for it, but I think that it that's implied. Then the white guy that works at the recording studio walks by their car, and then you know Earn introduces him to Darius and Paper Boy and has, and he says, "Oh, tell them the story about Flo Rida." And this time when he tells the story, he leaves out the n-word, so it's as if the white guy only says the n-word when he's around Earn. And then Darius says, "Oh, but I like Flo Rida, mothers need rap too." And then he said the white guy says, "Nice meeting you," and then leaves. Oh, but he also he also says, "You know that was kind of unprofessional." How he asks Earn, "How did you get into the building?" And then Earn says, "You know it's who you know." And the white guy replies, "That was kind of unprofessional." Then the guy from the opening scene wearing the colored shirt and the girl that was his accomplice in the original scene knock the car mirror off the Paper Boy's car. Paper Boy you know shouts something, he reaches to the glove department to get out a gun, but Earn stops him; he says, "You know, think about the money." So then Paper Boy gets out really angry and gets he gets out really angry and goes after him, and then a gun is involved. And then it's it's it flips to the mother coming home wearing a dress, coming back from her date. And the Earn's mom walks out and says, "Oh, you have no wine left." And Lottie's in bed and the TV's on. And so on the TV shows that the news report that there has been a shooting at the outside this bar, and that the two suspects are being detained, one of which is Paper Boy; it shows the picture of him as a rapper. And then one is Earn; it shows his high school graduation photo. And then the show ends.