Okay, so in the last episode of Atlanta, it started with the scene, the scene that it ended with. It started with that actual scene, and it started with the shooting of Paper Boy shooting the guy that kicked off his car, which we don't know yet, and started with that scene. I remember it with them and with Darius saying, "Do you see the dog over there?" and the whole thing with the guns and pulling out the guns, then the shooting. So that happened. Atlanta came on, and then the first actual scene was Earn. Earn was in bed with Van. I'm pretty sure her name is Van. Earn was in bed with Van, and they woke up, and they did that thing where they woke up, and he said he had a dream. And that in that dream, in the dream, he remembers being in a pool, and the pool had hands in it, and the girl said he had to swim above the hands or else the hands were gonna pull him in, so he had to swim above the hands. Then Van said to him, Van said, "What'd the girl look like?" And Earn was all, "She didn't look, she wasn't attractive at all, she was fat, whatever." And then Van was like, "Oh yeah, well then what about when you were making out with her?" And then he said, "I never said that," but then he admitted to making out with her. Then he started hooking up with Van, and then she says to him, "Tell him that, tell her that he loves her." And then he said, he laughed, and then she got mad at him for laughing and threw him off her. And he's like, "Hey, don't be mad, I only laughed because you ask that all the time, and it's, of course I love you." And he said that. And then he found out that he was gonna be with his daughter tonight, and that Van was going out on a date, so that's how that scene ended. The next scene, the next scene, I'm pretty sure it was at the airport where Earn and his friend Swish or Swiff, I think his name's Swiff. Earn and his friend Swiff are working at the airport, and they see, they're working, and they're trying to get people over to them. And there's some old woman across that's also working and making weird signals behind a boy, and she was doing that. And they were lamenting about how she gets the people over because she's old and cute, and they don't get anyone to come to them. Then Swiff shows Earn a video of Paper Boy and is like, "Yo, check out this new song, look at this thing." And Earn was like, "Oh yeah, that's my cousin." And then Swiff thought that he was talking about one of the girls in the video. He's like, "Oh, what must it be like to have a cousin with curves like that?" And then Earn was like, "No, I mean Paper Boy, Paper Boy's my cousin." And then the dude was like, "No way, there's no way Paper Boy's your cousin." And that happened. And then, oh, backtrack a little, but Van asked Earn to start chipping in with rent, so Earn wants to get more money, so Earn leaves to go talk to Paper Boy. And he goes there, and when he gets there, he's in the hood of Atlanta, I remember. And he gets to Paper Boy's house, and he knocks on the door, and Paper Boy's inside playing video games. Paper Boy's real name is Alfred, so he gets there, and he knocks on the door, and he's met with Paper Boy with a gun pointed out the door, at Earn's head. And he realized it was Earn, and he let him in. And Darius was with a knife, and Darius offered Earn some cookies to eat. And then Earn went inside and gave his proposition to be Paper Boy's manager and was like, "Yo, can I be your manager? I can do this for you, and I can do that for you, here's what I can offer you, cause I've been in the business before." And Paper Boy is like, "Look, Earn, I know you are only here for your own self benefit, not to benefit me, so you can hit the road, buddy, that's it." And then Paper Boy got an alert that said he had to do something right now, and Earn was like, Earn was like, "What do you gotta do?" And then Paper Boy, no, it looked like he had something serious to do. And then the next scene was them on some couch looking out, and then Paper Boy and Darius were smoking weed, and Paper Boy offered it to Earn, and Earn turned it down cause Earn said he was in a business proposition. I don't exactly remember the details of the conversation, but basically ended with Paper Boy telling Earn to hit the road, cause after his mother died, after Paper Boy's mother died, Earn didn't give a shit about it, so Earn can skedaddle, he's only here for himself, he doesn't care about the family and all that stuff. So then Earn left. And then the next scene was Earn back home, and he was at his parents' doorstep asking for money. And in this scene, his dad wouldn't let him in the house, and his mom was in the house, and they basically told him, and Earn was like, "Why aren't you gonna let me in?" And his dad was like, "Well, because I can't afford it," because Earn's always coming to the house and looking for money, and that was what we were supposed to take out of this scene. And yeah, and and then the mom said that she could tell that Earn was there a little bit ago because of the feces that was in the toilet, that was apparently looked bad, looked like he'd been eating a lot of junk food, not good food, so they told him to get good food in his system. And then Earn left cause he didn't get what he wanted, and he was like, "Alright, love you mom, love you pop," and then left. And then the next scene was Earn. Earn was getting Paper Boy's song on the radio, and that was a scene with I forgot his name, but it was some white guy. And the white guy told a story about how there was some DJ and how he would've loved to know that Earn was in town because there was some DJ that was there, and he was horrible, and he played Flo Rida twice in a row, so the guy had to tell him to get off. And he used the n-word while telling the story to Earn, and Earn was a little thrown off by this and made him repeat himself. And he's like, "Yeah, I said that, I said that to him, I had to say it." And Earn was like, "Yeah, okay, so how can I get this song on the radio?" And the guy was like, "Well, you gotta throw some cash." And Earn was like, "Dude, I don't have any money." And he's like, "Then you can't get your song on the radio." And then he went inside, and Earn was talking to, Earn went and talked to the guy whose name was Prince, which reminds him of his friend Princeton who is presumably dead. The guy Prince, and he was like, "Yo, does he ever say the n-word around you?" And the guy was like, "He would never, I would kick his ass if he did." So there was that scene. And then later on, Earn comes back, and he slips the CD. Earn gets, oh, now I remember what Prince did. Prince let Earn into the building later to slip the CD to what's his face with the money in it to play it on the radio, and it does get played on the radio a little later. And then Paper Boy rolls up to Earn's house and talks to Earn's parents about Earn and stuff, how he's doing and whatever, that kind of, or, "What's Earn been up to? Why hasn't he talked about any of this?" And then the dad was like, "No, Earn doesn't talk about things until he's ready to, Earn will talk about things when he wants, he's like that, and he'll get what he wants," and that kind of thing. So they had that conversation. And Darius was in the car with Paper Boy, and Paper Boy wanted to hold the the kid that Earn's mom was taking care of, and Earn's mom was like, "No, I can smell the weed from here, no way." So then the next scene was Earn on a, Earn was on a subway. And the subway, excuse me, Earn was on a subway, and he was with his kid. And he was there was this guy that was with him on the subway, and Earn was talking about why he always loses, is it just so that the winners win more, is that why I keep losing? And then the guy was consoling him kind of, and the guy was wearing a suit, and he was making a sandwich, and he was trying to force Earn to take a bite of the sandwich, which was very odd. And then the bus, there were sirens in the background, and the bus came to a stop, and the guy all of a sudden was off the subway and was walking into the woods with some dog, the same dog we saw at the beginning of the episode. Yeah, and yeah, and Earn was with his kid on the subway. And then in the next scene, Earn does not have his kid, and they are at this place, kind of like this restaurant kind of thing, like this hood place. And then the guy that played the song, oh no, on the subway, Earn got a call from Paper Boy that was like, "Yo, get over here, my song's playing on the radio, come see this." And Earn was like, "Oh, does that mean I'm your manager?" And Paper Boy was like, "Yeah, well kind of, we'll see." Basically that's what he said. And then okay, so there was that. Yeah, and okay, so then they got to, then we're at this place, they're in the car, they're all in the car. And then that white guy came to tell the story, except he didn't use the n-word in the story this time. And Darius was like, "Yeah, well I like Flo Rida." And then the guy was like, "Yeah, it was a stupid story, why'd you make me tell that, Earn?" And Earn was like, "I don't know." So that happened, that guy walked away. They were listening to Paper Boy in the car, Paper Boy the song, and then Paper Boy was like, "Yeah, I don't even like that song," so he turns it off. And then this girl was walking by, and he hollers at her, and she was a little thrown off and yelled back, and then he yelled something back. And then a second later, a guy that was with the girl came and kicked Paper Boy's rear view mirror off. And then they got out of the car, and next, and then the episode ended with Val or Van coming home from her date to turn on the TV to see a, well the TV was already on, but she went and she saw the news that Earn, Earn and Paper Boy were in custody. Earn's picture on the TV was his high school graduation picture in a tux, that Earn and Paper Boy were in custody for prospective murder.