So the episode starts with a fight that goes on in a parking lot with this guy called Paper Boy, who's a rapper, and his manager, who's called Earn, and another guy who's called Darius. They meet—they get in a fight with this other guy with his girlfriend. And what happens is they get in a fight, they start talking about something about a club, and Darius sees a dog. He's really high, and he just thinks this dog is something. And he's like, "Woah." And then at some point, Paper Boy pulls out a gun and threatens the other guy who was with his girlfriend. And then the guy with his girlfriend is like, "Oh, you don't wanna do that, 'cause I have other people behind you." Who basically—he's implying that they will shoot him if he shoots him. But Paper Boy still gets mad and shoots him. And yeah, I think throughout the whole thing, Earn tries to get Paper Boy not to do anything stupid, but he still does something stupid. After that, I think that's kind of the intro scene. The intro scene ends with this kind of fade out into this long panning of an aerial shot of a bunch of scenes in the city. And later we find out that's Atlanta, that's the title that comes up afterwards. And in the aerial shot, you see basketball courts, you see suburbs, I think. And yeah, so then you have the title screen. And then afterwards you have Earn, who wakes up next to his wife. And Earn is listening to music. And he has these headphones on, and his wife wakes up and is like, "Why are you awake?" Takes off his headphones, and then Earn starts talking about his dream. And so in his dream, he is in this pool, except the pool is the ocean. And there's seaweed, except the seaweed is hands, and that the hands were pulling him under. And yeah, he's telling his wife about the story, and he mentions—oh yeah, this girl tells him, "Don't get caught by the hands, the hands will drag you down and drown you." And then his wife's immediately like, "Oh, who's the girl?" And then Earn is like, "Oh yeah, she's fat and she's uninteresting." And then his wife is like, "Yeah right, you're definitely hiding something." And she's like, "Oh, you you definitely made out with her," or something. And then Earn is like, "Oh yeah, I didn't tell you but yeah I did do that, I did make out with that girl in the dream." And then she gets up, she goes to the bathroom, gets clean or something. Earn goes to another room that's right opposite from the bathroom, which has his daughter. And he's talking to his daughter, I think something about mommy—something about the mom, and I forgot what happens. And then afterwards, they—Earn and his wife—talk about what's gonna happen for the rest of the day. They mention some strip clubs, Cheetah's and something City, or I don't know, some other strip club, I think. And then his wife also mentions that she's going on a date with another guy. Oh yeah, so backtrack: while they're in bed, they make out, Earn and his wife make out right afterwards. And then—oh yeah, and while they're making—so this is before the bathroom and the baby scene—but while they're making out, his wife was something like, "Tell me that you love me." And then Earn laughs and doesn't say that he loves her. And she gets upset about that. And then that's why she kind of leaves to go to the bathroom. And she's like, "Why don't you say you love me?" And he's like, "I love you." Okay, and then back to the baby stuff. Yeah, so they talk about what they're gonna do for the rest of the day. Earn says something about going to work, I—he—and then I think it fast forwards to him at work. He's at this airport, he's advertising something. He's advertising—he has this coworker. They're standing at this airport, his coworker's telling him about this last night, I think this wild party, a bunch of alcohol. Yeah, Earn's not very interested in what his coworker has to say, he just endures it. But then—and then yeah, basically this—at the very beginning of this scene, this white guy comes. And then Earn tries to advertise, and the white guy's basically like "Yeah, fuck off, I don't want your whatever." And then Earn just seems kind of like he's definitely thinking about something else. And then he sees this other airport worker, I don't even know what they're doing, but they're working at the airport. And I think she is old; she's an older sales person. And she gets this guy to get a deal. And she's kind of mocking the other two because she's making humping motions towards her customer. And so there was the sense that Earn is not earning enough money. You kind of get that sense because his wife is also dating someone else, I think it's because he doesn't have enough money. And then his coworker is like, "Oh yeah, have you heard about this Paper Boy guy?" And then he just opens his phone, shows him a Paper Boy video. And this guy is—Earn's like, "Oh wait, that's my cousin." And so they talk about something, they basically talk about the fact that Earn can get some money because his cousin—he's trying to get some money off of it. So right afterwards, he leaves work immediately. He goes to his parents' house. His mom and dad don't really want him there because they're afraid that he just wants money. He also took a shit in their house. I think they had to clean it up 'cause his shit was unhealthy. And they're berating him on how he needs to stop eating cookies and chips and whatnot. Again, there's this sense that he's not really—he doesn't have enough money to afford a good diet, You can tell he's asking his parents for more money. But why he is there is he's just asking why—where his cousin is again, who is Paper Boy. And I guess he's, whatever, he's looking for Paper Boy. And then his parents tell him some address, and then his dad closes the door. Goes to Paper Boy. So Earn goes to Paper Boy. He's—at some point, he's, you know, he's changed from his work airport uniform to a tank top and a backpack; he's got a backpack on. He goes to Paper Boy's house, knocks on the door. Paper Boy's playing some game, and this other guy called Darius—I don't know what Darius does, he just knows Paper Boy, he's friends with Paper Boy. But Darius is there, Paper Boy is there in this house. Earn knocks on the door. Paper Boy is on edge, goes to answer the door, points a gun at Earn, realizes, "Oh no problem, he's just Earn." Yeah, I think his name is Earn, it's just Earn. And so he pulls off the—he retreats his gun. Darius, who has a kitchen knife, and he's got a kitchen—what's it called—a handkerchief around his mouth, he looks like he's about to kill. He's got a plate of cookies on his other hand. And then he realizes, and then Paper Boy is like, "Oh don't worry, it's just—it's all chill, I know this guy." And so he puts the knife down. He's like, "You want a cookie?" And they start talking. Basically Earn is just trying to become the manager. Paper Boy's like, "Oh, you're just here for the money, right? You're just trying to get some of the money." And then Paper Boy's like, "No." And then Earn is like, "No, I'm here because I want to be your manager," or something like that. I don't think he says it very directly, or he makes it more discrete, but he's trying to get some money by being the manager. Paper Boy kind of brushes him off. Then they go to this kind of outside—outdoors on this slab of concrete in the middle of this vast—not vast but this empty green forested area, lots of vegetation. They start smoking weed, except Earn doesn't, because Earn is like, "I'm here for business." But yeah, and he just keeps on trying to get the business deal and trying to become their manager. But also at some point in the house, they talk about Malcolm—Malcolm as in Malcolm X, I think, and Martin as in Martin Luther King. It came up somewhere in their talking about managing, and that was at the house. Now they're outside, and then yeah, basically at the end of it, Paper Boy's like, "Yeah, you're just here for the money, you didn't even come to someone's funeral." Like the—you just—something about the his mother, something just about only money. And he kind of brushes him off. So Earn leaves, and then he bumps into this other white guy who's got this badge around his neck. White guy's a radio station guy, he's a—he works at a radio station. He went to a radio station party the other day. Tells him about his party, tells him about how there was a bad DJ, and about the DJ kept on playing Flo Rida songs back to back. And the white guy basically says something racially insensitive, calls him the n-word. Earn is obviously like, "What up?" He goes like, "What's up?" But he doesn't say anything explicit about it, but you can tell he's upset about it. I think he's still in the business mindset, and he tries to pitch the idea of Paper Boy playing Paper Boy, one of his songs. And then they talk about some other record music stuff. And then the white guy's something like, "You have to pay half a stack," which is five hundred dollars. And then Earn's like, "I only have five hundred nineteen dollars," or something like that. Basically I think he's trying to get Paper Boy airtime or something. Yeah, but again he kind of takes an L. And the white guy's kind of like—doesn't really entertain Earn's idea. So you see him walking into this building, talking to these other three people, coworkers probably. And this janitorial guy who's got this bin of shirts or bin of trash or something, janitorial stuff. And then the guy meets him, his name is—it was a cool name, it was Prince. He meets Prince, asks him what his name is. He says Prince, and he's like, "Oh really?" And then he asks Prince if that white guy's ever said the n-word around him. And he's like, "I would have my foot up his mouth," or something like that. Basically, "I would beat him up if he said that." But you can see they both have rapport. And I think Earn—it's not shown, but I think Earn—oh I'm not sure the chronology behind this, but at some point Earn is able to get into the radio building and sneak in a CD with some money. And so this is assumed that this is Paper Boy's music, and he's sending it to the upper, a higher upper. He sees the white guy in studio with headphones on and music playing. And he doesn't really talk to him, he just kind of goes around him. Yeah, and then I think I'm missing something, but I'll just go on. I think after that, Earn goes onto this bus, and he meets this interesting guy, he's dressed up in a suit. And he's listening to music, he's got his baby in his arms. The guy in the suit says something, I forgot what he says, but he starts a conversation with Earn. And Earn at some point—you notice he's talking about himself, and he's like, "Oh you know, I just keep on taking these losses, I don't know what's up with me. It just seems like some people need to lose so the world has a balance, and so the people—so we can help the people who have it good." And then the guy with the suit and this fedora, I think, I don't know, he's just dressed up very professionally. He's like, "Failure only comes to people who—" no, "Success only comes to people who don't think about failure." Something about this metaphor of this river and you're a broken twig or something like that. I don't know what he says, but basically he's like, "Yeah, you know, stop feeling sorry for yourself." And I think that he was rolling a cigar, but and then he pulls out a sandwich. And he tells Earn, "Eat this sandwich." And it's got this very ominous, supernatural vibe to it. You know, "If you eat this sandwich, something will happen." Earn's like, "Fuck that, I don't want to eat this sandwich." And then this police car siren drives by, the guy—the car—the bus stops, and then this guy with the suit disappears. And then you see he doesn't disappear, he actually just literally teleports outside the bus, and he has his dog with him. And this is deja vu because this is the same dog that we saw at the beginning of the entire TV show, or the entire just episode anyway. He has his dog, and he's walking away, it's really weird. Earn takes a look at his daughter. And, yes, and during this bus ride, Paper Boy gives Earn a call. And he's like, "Yo, come over here now." And he's like, "Why?" And then he hears Paper Boy playing on the radio, and so he, you know, he knows something's up. And so he—the next scene is Paper Boy with Darius in his car. They're both smoking weed. Paper Boy is playing on the radio. Paper Boy hands Earn a joint, and Earn smokes it. They're both really happy because, you know, Paper Boy's successful. He's got on the radio, and he knows that Darius had something to do with—I think not—sorry, Darius—sorry, Earn. And so Earn is like, you know, got his shit together. He's got his life together, and he's making some money. There's money in the dashboard, I think—no there's a gun in the dashboard. There's—wait, I don't know. And then he sees the white guy. And then he tells the white guy to repeat the story that he told Earn earlier about the Flo Rida DJ thing, except this time the white guy omits the n-word. And then white guy's like, "Oh yeah, why did you why did you make me tell that story?" 'Cause it wasn't a very interesting story. Paper Boy and Darius didn't think it was a very interesting story. He leaves. They see this—Paper Boy sees this girl outside and kind of catcalls her. No he doesn't, I'm not sure if he catcalls her. He says something about, you know, "That person on the radio, that's me." And the girl's kind of like, "Fuck off." And he's just basically like, "Fuck off," 'cause he's just mad that the girl called him off. Then all of a sudden out of the blue, this guy comes and kicks off his—what is it called—his rear view mirror off. And then, you know, this is kind of tying back to the start of the episode. It's kind of this—yeah, it's going back to the start. And then you see, back at Earn's parents' house, there is another woman. I'm not sure who this woman is; I'm not sure if we've seen her before. But she goes and sees this TV report that Earn and Paper Boy are in custody or something because of the shooting at the parking lot. I'm not sure if it ends there; I think it ends there. Yeah, I think it ends there, but I might be wrong. But yeah, that's it.