The episode starts with Paper Boy yelling at a guy and his girlfriend, the girl that's with him, about a broken mirror, and Paper Boy, or Alfred, is getting really mad at him, and Earn is trying to get him to calm down but he won't. Darius is acting really weird, looking off at a dog; no one really knows what's going on with him, he's clearly very high. And eventually, Paper Boy pulls out a gun and points it at the chest of the man who broke his mirror, and then the scene goes out and you just see from above that the— that Paper Boy presumably fires the gun, although you're not completely sure who fired it because Earn also had one. Then it goes into the intro, and then the episode starts. The next scene is Earn waking up next to a woman in a bed, and you're not quite sure but it seems like it might be earlier that day, which later you realize it is. And he tells her about this weird dream he had where he was swimming, and he was swimming in seaweed, but then he realizes the seaweed were hands, and some girl told him to watch out for their— go to the top. And the girl he's lying in bed with, who you later realize is the mother of his child, and I think her name is Van, she asks him who the girl in the dream is, and he makes a joke that she's ugly, that she's fat and not interesting, but then he admits to having made out with her in the dream. Then they start kissing, and Van asks Earn to tell him— tell her that he loves her, and then he kind of laughs, and she gets mad and leaves the room and goes to the bathroom. Earn then goes to get their kid, and she mentions that he has to take care of her, the their kid, that night because she has a some event, and then she's going on a date— oh, parent teacher conference, and then she's going on a date. So he says that he'll take her even though he forgot that he had to take care of her, and then Van mentions that if he's going to be staying the house with her, that he's gonna need to pay rent, and he says he will. Then I'm pretty sure the next scene is when he's working; he's in the airport working as a sales person, trying to get people to buy this membership or something for some flight company, maybe Delta, and he's working in there. And his coworker mentions that there's this new rapper out called Paper Boy who's becoming popular, and Earn realizes that that's his cousin, and I— and I think it's his actual cousin but I'm not really sure, but says that's my cousin, and then he leaves. He then goes to his parents' house who don't let him in because they're afraid he's asking for money, and they make a joke because he had been there the day before and pooped in their bathroom or something, so they never invite him in. But he was— he says that he doesn't need money, he just needs to know where Alfred is, who's Paper Boy, so they tell him where Alfred is, and then he goes there. And that scene starts with Alfred, Alfred and Darius in their room in their house, and then Earn knocks on the door, and Alfred gets his gun and greets Earn with a gun, and then eventually lets— lets him in pretty immediately. And then Earn turns the corner, and Darius is holding cookies and a huge kitchen knife, and he offers Darius— Darius offers Earn a cookie. And so then they are sitting inside, and Earn kinda mentions that he wants to be Paper Boy's manager, and Paper Boy seems pretty hesitant about it. Then they realize it's four thirty or something, and presumably they say that they're late because they start smoking at four twenty, although I'm not completely sure. And then they go outside, are smoking and having a conversation, and Earn continues to push Paper Boy to be his manager. He tries to take Paper Boy away from Darius, but Paper Boy kinda gets angry at him and eventually yells at him because he says that he hasn't seen him since his mom's funeral, and now he thinks that he just wants money or something like that. Then Earn goes to some radio station headquarters or something and finds this guy named Dave who works at the radio station, and he starts to ask him about his life and stuff. And he mentions that he'd been at a party the night before with a horrible DJ, and how he needed Earn, and he tells this whole story about how the DJ Flo Rida, and then how Flo Rida pulled the DJ to the side and was like and said the n-word to him. Earn is clearly uncomfortable but kinda just lets it be. Then he starts pushing for Dave to play Paper Boy on the radio, but he's kind of— he says that he needs five hundred dollars to do that, and Earn kinda says I don't have five hundred dollars, I have to pay rent, etcetera, and so it seems like he's not gonna pay him. But then Earn runs into a janitor and asks if Dave has ever used the n-word in front of him, and he says no, and then Earn is like how late are you working till. The scene then goes, I believe, to Paper Boy— Alfred pulls up to Earn's parents' house, and they have Earn's daughter because he had asked them earlier to pick her up because he had things to do. And so Earn's mom takes the daughter inside and makes a snide comment about how they're high, and then Earn's dad comes over and starts talking to Alfred. And Alfred mentions that Earn wants to be his manager, and they talk about how Earn will get things done but it's always on his own terms, and how he, I guess, could be a little untrustworthy, like Earn's dad says that he doesn't blame Alfred for being a little hesitant about trusting Earn or having him as his manager. And Darius asks a weird question about measuring Earn's dad's tree. And then you see Earn getting the janitor to let him into the radio station, and he has gotten some money from some shoes of his, so I guess his savings, and he slides that under the door to Dave, to Kyle, who's this the guy that Dave mentions chooses the song. And he then leaves, and then he's on a bus or some sort of public transportation with his daughter, and this random kinda odd man comes up to him and is like you look distressed or something like that. And so Earn starts confiding in him about the fact that he feels like he's always failing, and how he's only there to make the victors feel good and that kinda thing. And then the man says something about just kinda how victory is relative, and very gives a very cryptic answer, and then tries to make him eat his sandwich. And Earn seems pretty weirded out and is like no, I'm not gonna eat that, and then the guy gets kind of aggressive, but right afterwards police cars go by, and then all of the sudden the guy's gone, and he's— or looks out the window and sees this guy with a dog who I think is the same dog that Darius notices walk into the woods. And so then Earn starts to write out a text to Van, his daughter's mom, and what says I love you, like can we talk later, so presumably that's her. And right as about to he's send it, he gets a call from Alfred who is very excited because his song is playing on the radio, and he tells Earn to come over and see him. So Earn then goes to see, and you realize later he's given his daughter back to his parents, but so he drops his daughter off, I guess, and then goes to see Alfred. And he gets in the car and starts smoking with him, and then Dave comes over and kind of gets mad at him for sneaking into the radio station, but then and says Kyle is mad or something. But then Earn makes the comment that they're playing the song on the radio, so clearly he's not— Kyle can't be too mad. Then he asks Dave to tell the group, the three of them, Alfred, Earn, and Darius, the story about the DJ who played Flo Rida, seems like kinda to embarrass him and to see if he'll use the n-word again maybe. And he tells it, none of the guys really react, it's a pretty awkward encounter, and then Dave leaves. Then a woman walks by, and Alfred makes a comment at her about how she's attractive, and she kinda just waves him off and is rude back, and he gets angry but just leaves it. But then he's in kind of a bad mood and turns off the radio and says that he doesn't even like the song of his it's playing. And then the guy that is with the girl comes and kicks off Alfred's mirror to his car, and so Earn then— Alfred tries to grab a gun to go get him, but Earn kind of stops him, but clearly you realize from the first episode that he had his own gun on him anyways. And then Alfred grab the gun. Then the scene switches to Van walking into the house, into Earn's parents' house, to get her daughter, and the mom is leaving as Van's walking in, and she's walking in, and all of the sudden the TV's on and it's talks about a shooting in DeKalb County that and it names the two suspects which are Alfred or Paper Boy and Earn. And so then she says something like what did you do or something like that. And yeah, that was it.