So the episode begins, and there are three men in a parking lot talking to another man and a woman. And they're arguing because one of them knocked the mirror off of the other one's car. They want—the three men are angry, and they want the money from the other man who kicked the mirror off the car. They're talking back and forth for a couple minutes, and then one man pulls a gun on the other man. And the shot kind of zooms out, and you see a gunshot. During that whole time, one of the guys who's with the guy who shot the other man is seeing a dog, and is saying that he's having a deja vu. And it's kind of strange the way it plays out. Then it cuts to the intro, the—it says "Atlanta" on the screen. Then you see one man wake up in his bed, and he's listening to music. And his name is Earn, you figure out later, and he was one of the men at the incident outside of the store. He wakes up, and his ex-wife is laying next to him in bed. She wakes up and asks why he's awake. And then he tells her that he was having a dream where he was swimming in a pool. And there's seaweed that was trying to pull him down, the hands were pulling him down. And he says that he thinks it represents society. And he says there was a girl there. His wife's kind of jealous because she thinks that he doesn't love her. Then they're kissing, and she says, "Tell me you love me." And he doesn't say anything back, so she gets a little bit upset, and she walks away. Then he gets up and walks into the other room. And there's a little girl in a crib, and you find out that that's her daughter, I think her name's Lottie. They're talking, and the ex-wife—her name, I think her name was Van—tells him to pick her up after his work day 'cause she has parent-teacher conferences, and she's also going on a date. Yeah, then it cuts to another scene where Earn is at an airport, I think. And he's trying to sell a certain program, and he's standing there with another man. And they're not super successful, they can't get anyone to sign up. His friend starts saying, "Oh, have you heard of this guy Paper Boy? It's a new popular song." And he says, "That's my cousin." It's Earn's cousin Alfred, who was one of the guys in the parking lot in the beginning. So then Earn kind of spaces out for a minute, and then he leaves. He leaves his job, and he goes to his parents' house to ask where Alfred is. They're a little bit fed up with him because he always comes asking for money, it sounds like. And they think he's gonna ask for more money, and they also take care of his daughter a lot. So he ask if they'll take care of her and where Alfred is, and they say he's at some apartments. So then Earn goes to the apartment to try and find Alfred, who's also Paper Boy. He gets there, and he opens the door. And Alfred points a gun at him, but he lets him in 'cause he's his cousin. And he has his friend there, I think his friend's name is Darius. Earn asks if he can be his manager because he really wants to help him become a famous rapper. And he thinks it could be—it would help make both of them more wealthy. But they talk a little bit in the apartment, and they go outside. And they're smoking, and his cousin isn't really taking him seriously. Also, he leaves 'cause his cousin says he does not want him to manage me. He goes, and he's on a mission now. So he goes to a radio station—an office for a radio station. And he sees this guy who I guess he's friends with, to a certain extent. And this guy works at the radio station. He asks if he'll play the song Paper Boy. And he says, "No, I can't do that 'cause it costs five hundred dollars, and I have to run it by my boss." He also tells a story about how he was at a club, and there was a—the DJ, and he calls him an offensive word. Earn doesn't really say anything about it, but he—even though you can tell he finds it offensive. Then, so this guy—I forget his name—but he goes back into the building. And Earn walks to the janitor and asks, "How late do you work here? What's your name?" I think his name is Prince; Prince clearly can help him. So later that night, I guess, he goes into the radio station and puts the mixtape under the boss's door. And he doesn't give the money because he knows that the guy was trying to cheat him and steal it, probably. Then it shows—it cuts to a different scene, and it shows Alfred, who's Paper Boy, talking to Earn's parents. He goes to Earn's parents' house, and he says, "Earn came and asked if he can manage my singing career, or my rapping career." The dad says, "Yeah, I can understand why you wouldn't want that, but Earn also—he always—he will—he'll go on a mission, and he'll wanna do it, so yeah." The daughter is there playing in the yard because Earn has dropped her off, and the other—Alfred's friend is there in the car as well. Then it shows the scene where Earn is on the bus, and he has his daughter with him, and he is clearly a little bit upset. He's listening to music, I think, and a guy across from him on the bus says, "What's wrong?" And he says, "I just feel like some people always lose. I feel like I'm just here because—to make it easier for the winners. Just everything—nothing can go right for me." Then this guy says some strange references, like, "You just have to go along the path and just treat everything as a victory," or something like that. And he was making a Nutella sandwich. And he tells him to take a bite of his sandwich. And he doesn't take a bite of it 'cause he's—it's kind of sketchy. So then there's police sirens, and he's looking around, and this guy who's on the bus, he just—he's gone. Then he sees him walking away, and he has a strange dog with him. Yeah, then he's just kinda sitting there, thinking. And then he is gonna text his ex-wife, "I love you, and I really wanna talk." But then he gets a call from his cousin Alfred, who's Paper Boy, and says, "The song is playing on the radio, so when you went into the studio it must've worked." So he calls him up, and he goes and meets him in front of this—I guess it's a store. They're in the parking lot, in the car talking. And the guy from the radio station who was gonna try and cheat him out of the money comes up. And he says, "Tell the same story you told me earlier." And he tells the same story and goes through it, but he omits the offensive word. So he's—I guess Earn's a little confused why he only says it to him. Yeah, and then they're still talking, and he says, you know, "Why'd you do that? Why'd you come in?" And he's like, "Oh, I just wanted your boss to see the mixtape." And he is like, "How'd you get in?" And he's like, "I knew somebody," even though it was just the janitor. He just kind of said, "It's all about who you know." Then that guy goes away, and they're still talking about managing it—managing his career. And a woman and a man walked by, and the man kicks the side view mirror off of their car that they were sitting in. And he reaches to grab his gun out of the glove compartment, but Earn stops him from getting it, and he gets out. And that's kind of when it cuts back to the original scene from the beginning of the show, and they kind of have this disagreement. And then—but they don't really show it again, it just kind of—you can kind of tell that that's what's happening. Then it goes back to their house, where Earn's mom is leaving. And his ex-wife is coming back, and the news is on in the background. His ex-wife is just coming in the house, and hears that there's been a shooting in DeKalb County, and that the two suspects are Alfred and Earn. They show a picture of him on the screen, and they say they're in custody for shooting this man. Yeah, and then that's the end; she says, "You idiot," or something, and that's the end of the episode.