So the episode opens up at a scene outside of a drug store, and there is a bunch of guys kind of in a little posse, and there's a clear source of tension. At first, it's a little confusing, but then we later find out that there's also a woman there, and the guy who's with the woman is kind of fighting against—verbally fighting against—three other guys about a side mirror of a car having been torn off. Not really, the viewer has no knowledge as to what the situation is; really, you're just kind of thrown into it. And then we find out that the woman knows that the—so the woman and the guy are together, there's one guy, and then the other three. And so the woman knows that one of the other three is this guy named Paper Boy, and so apparently that means he's got a lot of money, but you don't really know who Paper Boy is or what that means. And so of the three guys, two of them are kinda in the conversation, and one of them gazes off, and he sees this dog, and he has kind of a deja vu situation as if he's seen this dog before, but again, the watcher, the viewer, doesn't really know what that means. Fast forwarding a few seconds, and the guy with the girl—there's been, it's kind of the tension's heightened—and then the guy, one of the three guys, pulls out a gun, and another second of the three guys pulls out a gun. And then it, the camera pans up, it's an aerial view, and then all the sudden you see that one of the three guys has shot and killed the guy that was with the girl, and that's kinda the opening scene. It almost was, it, the whole episode kinda gave vibes of being a pilot of the episode, just being thrown into it with this big kind of scandal, and then all the sudden the camera pans out and removes you from it. So and then it brings you to another day where the camera's panning over this neighborhoods, and the neighborhoods go from these upper class gigantic looking homes with cookie cutter lawns, and then the camera's panning over and it, it pans over to more of inner city neighborhoods. It's also, I guess, crucial to mention the all of the people involved in the opening scene are all black, and it seemed to be that based off of the context of where they were and their clothing and what not, seemed like they were of probably a lower income situation. And so as this aerial thing is happening and there's this music playing in the background, and then it goes from the nicer houses and it kinda goes to inner city houses, and then the word Atlanta flashes on the page, which is probably the name of the show. And then it opens to a new scene with this character who we later find out is named Earnest, and his the mother of his child who he's no longer dating but they're sleeping in the same bed. And so they're not together, but he's listening to music, and then the girl who's with, who's not the girlfriend but the mother, she wakes up to his music on his headphones, and he described her his dream that he had. And basically in the dream he was in this big ocean or this big body of water, and there were all these hands pulling, they were kind of acting as a seaweed shape, and if you touch the hands the hands will pull you under according to this other woman who was in the dream. And then his girlfriend, sorry, the mother of his baby who he's in bed with, says, "Please don't tell me who was who was the girl," and he says that she's some ugly fat girl. And then she says, "Did you make out with her?" and he was like, "Yeah, I did." And so she gets kinda mad, but then he makes out with her, and she says, "Oh, my breath smells," and he said, "No, it smells delicious. What's that smell?" And he's making out with her, so it's sexual. And at that moment in the scene, you're not really aware that the fact of what their relationship is. And then she says, "I love you," and he doesn't say it back, and she gets mad, and he said, "Well, why, why would you need me to say it back? I say it all the time," and he laughs. So she gets mad, and she goes to the bathroom, and then he gets up, and the camera flashes over to a baby, and they have a baby together in the house. And she says, "You're gonna need to watch the baby tonight cause I have parent teacher conferences and I'll be out till eleven," and he says, "Eleven's kind of late." Then so she says, "Well, I have a date going after," and at that moment that's when you know that they're not together but they're weirdly still in the sexual relationship and they're parenting their child together and kind of living in the same home. And so she says, "Well, if you're gonna be staying here you need to pay rent," so clearly she's paying rent and he's crashing there, and he says, "Yeah, I'll have the money by tonight," which is actually why he says, "When will you be home?" So that's backjogging a little bit. Anyway, she's getting ready for the school day or whatever for her date, work, and he's talking to the baby and saying, "Oh, mommy's gonna go out and date that beat guy," and so it's kind of clear that he still probably wanna be with the mother of his child if it were up to him. Anyway, then it flashes to what comes next. Basically the premise of the episode is that, oh, let's see what even does come next, oh, maybe the next scene is—so then Earnest, oh yeah, he's at the airport and he's working for this travel agency thing, and you know, he's trying to get people to buy his credit card or whatever program he's selling, and he has no luck. And he's with his coworker, one of the coworkers is doing well, and she's an older sweet woman, I don't know, kind of conniving, she almost seems, but she's sweet to the patrons, and the other two are kinda off to the side and they're like, "What the heck, how come we're not getting sales, what not." And so Earn's friend, his other coworker, for the other guy shows him this video of this guy named Paper Boy, "Have you seen this mixtape?" And so Earn says, "Oh my gosh, that's my cousin," and he's like, "Oh my gosh, the girl," and he was like, "No, the guy rapping, Paper Boy's my cousin." So anyway, Earnest leaves work and goes to his parents' work to ask where his cousin Alfred, who is Paper Boy, where he is. And his cousin and his parents kinda like ridicule him and don't invite him inside the house because he's kind of has this MO of being a deadbeat guy, cause he has no job, he's kind of, he has really no place to stay, essentially, he can't really provide proper care to his daughter, so the parents are always taking over. Anyway, they let him, they let Earnest know where Alfred is. So then he goes to find Alfred, and you know, he comes in and he knocks on the door of Alfred's house, and Alfred comes out with a gun, cause it's kind of a neighborhood where there's people sitting out on cars listening to loud rap music, and they're actually listening to the song Paper Boy. And so it's kind of, you can tell it's a rough neighborhood. And so what's his face, Earnest, is kind of unfazed by the guy, and he's just like, "It's me, your cousin." And then the other guy who's with Alfred, his kind of comrade, who Earnest actually doesn't even know, he's waiting inside with a knife and cookies. And so he says, "No, it's cool," Alfred says, "It's cool," to his friend, and his friend puts it down and offers him a cookie. It's kind of a funny moment, he had this goofy apron on with this knife and what not, and totally really contradicts, it's kind of almost, yeah, it's this black guy who is holding a knife and you expect him to be this thug or whatever, but really he's just baking cookies, and it's, I don't know, it's kinda, it's a funny moment. And so then basically, oh god, what happens next? They're talking, and he says, "Alright, let me guess, you want a cut, you need some money," and he's like, "No, I don't want your money, I wanna be your manager." And this is between Earnest and Paper Boy, Alfred, and he's like, "You can't be my manager," and he was like, "Watch me." So anyway, they go out to a park and they're supposed to be meeting someone, and Alfred's offers him a hit of, yeah, I don't know, he offers him to hit the blunt that he's rolled or always smoking. He's like, "No, I'm trying to be your manager, I'm trying to be professional." Anyway, the scene escalates, and they're like sitting on this couch in this field which is kind of weird, and they're supposed to be meeting someone. Anyway, so then Alfred and his friend get up off the couch and leave, and basically anyway, there's a conversation on the couch about rats, his phones, and they're like kinda high and they're talking about, "Oh, you can't be my manager when you're high, then who are you anyway." They got off the couch, Alfred and his friend, and then Earnest follows them, and he's like, "You know what, walk like you're not gonna be my manager, what not." And so now Earnest is kinda like fazed with, "Okay, clearly Alfred doesn't want him," so now he's gonna try his best to go out on his own and do something to try and impress Alfred or get on his good side and his good graces. So he goes to this recording company, this radio company, and he sees his white friend, and his white friend who is kind of, I guess, essentially kinda high up in the radio business at this one station, and he was like, "Hey, you know, the song Paper Boy, could you get that through to the manager, the president of the whatever the company, the radio company." This white guy's totally inappropriate says the n-word, but of course Earnest doesn't comment out on it because he's trying to get warm and warmed up to him. So anyway, the, the white guy, he kinda blows him off, and he goes inside the building, he's totally pompous and rude. And then Earnest sees the janitor, and he's black, and so he says, "Hey, does that guy ever call you the n-word?" and he says, "No, I'd beat, I'd beat his ass if he called me the n-word." And so they kinda make friends, and he says, "Hey, how long are you waiting?" So anyway, that janitor actually, since he kinda was befriended by Earnest, Earnest befriend him, winds up letting Earnest into the radio company later that day, and he slips under the door of the executive or the president or whatever the mixtape of Paper Boy with some money. And then before you know it, on the radio, Paper Boy's playing. And so he, so Alfred hears Paper Boy playing in their, on the radio, it's on the radio, and he calls up Earnest, and Earnest comes over. Anyway, before I guess before the whole radio thing happened, there was this part where Earnest is on the bus, I'm not really sure exactly where this chronologically follows, but he was on the bus and there was this weird kind of mysterious guy who was on the bus and was talking to him. And it's kinda dark outside, it's, it's clearly night time, and the daughter is in Earn's lap and she's sleeping, and he's talking to the, this guy is talking to Earnest, and he's, he moves from across the bus to next to him, and he's making this Nutella sandwich, and he's kind of saying, "Eat the sandwich," or whatever, and I feel like that was kind of him saying, "Do something about it, eat the sandwich, take the opportunity." And then all of a sudden he disappears, and he walks off into the woods, Earnest can see him through the window of the bus going into the woods with his dog, and he leaves the Nutella there. And so it's kind of he left something for Earnest to latch onto, and this is the same dog that made Earnest feel like he had deja vu in the opening scene, because we later figure out that Earnest is involved in the opening scene, which we of course didn't know at first cause we're kinda thrown into it. Anyway, and so I feel like that was kinda what made Earnest to go take the bull by the horns at the radio place, although I'm not really sure where that chronologically fell, but regardless, this guy's kinda this mysterious figure or whatever, kinda tells him to get, you know, take the bull by the horns. And then let's see, yeah, so anyway, Paper Boy's now on the radio because he went in and slipped it under the door of the exec, and it's made it to the radio. So now Alfred calls up Earnest and is like, "Hey, you hear that on the radio and it's Paper Boy," he goes, "Get your butt over here." And so he comes over there, he drops off, well not on camera, but we later find out that you know, he dropped off his daughter with his parents who apparently are always watching over the daughter because Earnest is always up to no good or has something some business he has to take care of which is kinda sketchy, so they're used to that. But anyway, he jumps in the car, he meets them at the convenience store, and at that point in the in the episode you're kinda getting the sense, "Oh wait, this is the same convenience store where the opening part took place," and you're like, "Oh, that must've been that," basically the episode would've ended that way, and then it jumps back to a whole two or so days beforehand and works up to the point where the viewer can understand the opening scene. Anyway, so they're in the car listening to it, the white guy comes back out somehow, and they're like, "Look, he got in, it's on the radio now, yada yada." And so basically then this girl walks by, and he says, "Paper Boy's tryna catcall her," and she doesn't have it, and then the girl's boyfriend comes up and kicks the window, the mirror thing, the side mirror off the car. And then Paper Boy's like, "Hey, you gonna give me cash to fix that?" And so that's when he chases him down, and that actually leads up to the entire beginning scene. And so you then figure out how that she knew that Paper Boy was the one with the gun in the beginning, and things are starting to add up. And then you realize that Earnest was the one who seemed like kinda high or weird in the beginning, was saying, "This is deja vu," with the dog who was sitting on the corner. It's clearly there's some sorta weird mysterious element about the life that Earnest is living, it's kinda haunted by this dog and the spirit or the weird vibe or existence of this other guy with the Nutella sandwich. Yeah, so basically then I guess at that point it flashes forward, and the mother of Earn's child is coming home right as Earnest's mother is leaving from babysitting, and she says, "You got no more wine left," i.e., she drank the wine while she was watching the daughter, and the daughter is in bed in the crate. And it's so the mom's coming home, this this all took over at the place of one day not two, I guess, because she's coming home from the date, the date they were talking about in the morning, and she's kinda like, "Are you kidding me?" Of course Earnest isn't here, like unreliable again. And so she's going to go probably get undressed and go check on the baby when she hears on the TV that the shooting happened at this convenience store, and it says that two people were, you know, taken into custody, and it's Earnest and Alfred. And she kind of mumbles under her breath, "You stupid idiot," she's clearly irritated, like, "Oh my gosh, how did this happen, what's the circumstance?" And I think at that point the episode kinda ends. I think that was pretty much close to the closing scene, and that's pretty much everything.