So the episode starts off with a scene in a parking lot, and these three men are in a car pull up, and one of them jumps out of the car claiming that somebody kicked the mirror off of his car, and he wants cash for it because he damaged the car. And they get in an altercation, and the man whose mirror got kicked off takes out a gun and aims it at the man that he claims kicked his window or kicked his mirror. And then another character, whose name that we don't know yet, he tries to make him stop, and he looks over and he sees this dog that is standing by the light post, and another person he is claiming that he has deja vu and he recognizes the dog or something. And in the end they zoom out, and the man fires the gun at the person who kicked his mirror. And after that we see one of the characters, not the one who fired the gun but the one who's trying to get the man to not fire the gun, we see him waking up in his bed listening to music, and he is talking to what the audience would think as his girlfriend or his wife. But then you find out that they're not together anymore because she says that she's going on a date that evening when she's in the bathroom getting ready, and he, the man, is talking to his daughter. And then after that she says something along the lines of, "I don't want you to bring our daughter to your parents' house again," cause I guess that means that he previously, when it was in his custody, he wouldn't actually take care of the daughter cause he was out trying to find jobs or something. And after that he goes to his parents' house, and his dad opens the door, and they had just have a small conversation, and you can tell that the dad's not wanting to let the man in. And I think by now we know the man's name is Earnest, and his dad doesn't let him in, and his mom is also talking to him she's inside the house, both of the parents are inside the house, and they're talking to Earnest, and they are just asking him, "Oh, are you here for money again?" And he says no, but he actually kinda is. So then he asks them if they can take care of his daughter that night, even though his wife said that he has custody of her and he should take care of her, not his parents again. And after that he asks his dad where Alfred is, who is his cousin, who is now apparently a rapper who's gaining popularity by the name Paper Boy. So he walks across the street, I guess through the neighborhood, and then knocks on the door of his cousin Alfred's house, and the door opens, and he has a gun pointed at his face. But then his cousin recognizes who he is, and so he opens the door, and when he walks in he meets Darius, who is his, who's Alfred's friend. And Earnest tries to get Alfred to let him be his manager because Earnest needs money, and Alfred kinda sees through it, recognizing that Earnest is only there for money, and that the last time they actually talked was when Alfred's mother passed away. So and he actually said that when they're outside on the couch when they're smoking. And then after that Alfred basically just says, "You're in it for the money, you're being fake," so he tells him to leave. And then the next scene we see Earnest in another parking lot, and this man gets out of a car at a radio station building, and Earnest recognizes him, and they, they say hello. And the man who got out of the car says that he didn't know Earnest was still in Atlanta and all that stuff. And after that he tries to get the radio station manager to try to play Paper Boy's song so he can prove to Alfred that he can be a good manager and therefore make money for the both of them. And the radio station manager says that you'd have to pay five hundred dollars or something in order to have a special request for a mixtape. And after the radio station manager walks in the building and Earnest is still in the parking lot, he sees a janitor whose name is Prince, he's pushing a dumpster, and Earnest asks Prince how the radio station manager is and how he refers to his employees, because Earnest was kind of turned off by the fact that the radio station manager referred to him or said the n-word in front of him. And Prince says that no, the radio station manager has never used the word in front of him, and that he'd be really offended if he did. And he talks to, and then Earnest asks the janitor Prince if he can get him into the studio somehow that night. And then it cuts to Earnest grabbing a lot of money, I guess he'd saved in a shoebox, and he brings the mixtape for Paper Boy and the lot of money and goes into the recording station while the radio station manager is, I guess, while he's recording his show, and he sees Earnest put the money and the mixtape under another manager's door. So then it cuts to that evening, and and Earnest is with his daughter on a bus, and a man on the bus notices that he is just anxious or that he's just having issues, and the man goes over and sits next to him and kind of says some kind of cryptic but just interesting information. And then he makes or he tells Earnest to take a bite of his sandwich, and Earnest says no. And then the man, oh, and then there's police sirens next to the bus, and then the man gets off the bus, and Earnest sees the man walk down a path with this dog that he recognized from the beginning of the episode. So at this point you kind of realize that the beginning of the episode is actually what all of the events are leading up to. And then while he's on the bus after this man gets off and after he sees this dog, he gets a call from Alfred, and Alfred and Darius are in a car in a parking lot somewhere, and they have the radio on, and you can hear, and Alfred turns up the radio because they're playing his mixtape, so he turns it up so Earnest can hear. And at that point Alfred is like, "Okay," he was kind of surprised or just amazed that Earnest actually got his mixtape be played on the radio. So then he tells Earnest to come down and meet him in the parking lot, and they can talk about actually working together. So Earnest goes down to the parking lot, you don't actually see what he does after that, so I don't really know where his daughter goes at that point, but I think his daughter goes back home. And then Earnest goes to the parking lot and then gets in Alfred's car, and then they're talking, and the radio station manager happens to be in the parking lot, and he comes in and says hello. And Earnest asks him or no, the radio station manager was kind of taken aback or just shocked that Earnest had the audacity to walk into the radio station and put the mixtape and the lot of cash under the other manager's door. And then Earnest asks the, the radio station guy to tell Alfred and Darius the story that he told Earnest earlier in the day, and he tells the same story about this really bad DJ who he didn't like playing at a radio station, but this time he withholds from saying the n-word. And Earnest kind of realizes how the radio station manager thought of him at that point, and then he says, "Oh, it was nice to meet you," and then he leaves. And then Alfred's mirror, his side mirror, gets kicked by some guy, and he gets instantly, he opens the door and starts to go after him. And then Earnest tries to prevent Alfred from going too far or just being violent, and he says, "You gonna protect the money," or something like that. And then Alfred gets out of the car anyway, and Earnest opens up the glovebox, and there's a gun in it, and he and Alfred runs after the man who kicked his mirror saying, "I need cash for my mirror." And at this point it's completely looped back around, the episode has looped back around to the beginning, so you see how the beginning of the episode was just a result of all of the events of that day leading up. So they don't show it in the, the second time they show the scene, I don't think, but but in the first scene in the parking lot they show Alfred, I believe, shooting the gun. And so after you see Alfred run after the man asking for cash in the second scene, which is at the end of the episode, it cuts to another scene of Earnest's house, and his mom is leaving because his girlfriend isn't the right word, but his daughter's mother comes back, cause they're living together, his daughter's mother comes back after her date, and she, she says thank you to Earnest's mom for taking care of the daughter. So at this point you see, oh, once again Earnest's parents have taken care of their daughter, and she goes in and takes her shoes off. And then she hears on the news on the TV that there has been a shooting, and that there were two suspects that were arrested, and they say Alfred, who was known as Paper Boy as the rapper, and they also say that Earnest has been arrested. And she looks at the TV and says, "Well, what an idiot," or something along the lines of that. So that is all that I can recall from the episode.