Okay, so the episode begun with the shooting itself, how it ended. There was—we didn't know the characters at the time, but there was Earn, there was Alfred, there—Alfred goes by Paper Boy—there was Alfred's friend. And they got into an altercation with someone that kicked off their car window. And during the altercation, they remarked about a dog that was over by the side, which we came to see later. So that was how the episode began. And then the words "Atlanta" came up on the screen, and then the episode actually started in the morning. Earn was there, and Earn's—the woman that Earn has a kid with, her name is Van. They woke up together, and he remarked that he had had an odd dream last night, in which he was swimming in what seemed like an ocean that seemed to have seaweed in it, but the seaweed was like hands. And how this girl told him that the hands—he had to swim above the hands or else the hands would drag him underneath. To which Van said, "Tell me about the girl." To which he said, "The girl was fat and uninteresting." And then she was like, "Oh, really?" And then she said—and then Earn—she said, "So you didn't make out with her?" And then he said, "No, I didn't say that." And then he said—but he actually did. And then he rolled on top of Van, and Van and him started kissing. But then she said for him to tell her that he loves her, and she—and he laughed. And she got mad and pushed him off of her, and then asked why he laughed. And then he got defensive and said, "Well, you always say that, and I laughed 'cause it's like, of course I love you." And she was not happy about that. So then she left the room, and Earn left. And this is when we find out that Earn has a child. And Earn goes and picks up his little daughter, and was holding her. And that's when Van told him that she was going out on a date tonight, which was a little bit odd to hear because I thought they were in a relationship, but apparently not. So she said she was going on a date today, so it was clear that the child was their kid together, but they were not in a relationship. And she said that if he was gonna be staying there, that he'd need to be start paying some rent, which makes it seem like she's the only one paying for the house. So, and then Earn picks up his kid, and was whispering in his daughter's ear about how he's a good dad, and how they're gonna have fun tonight because he had to take care of her that night because Van was going out on a date. The next scene was at Earn's job. Earn works at the airport, where him and his friend who—on his name tag it said Swiff. And they're working at the airport, trying to get people over to them, woo people into them. And they remarked—one guy said, "Eff you," when Earn tried to get him over to him because—. And then Swiff remarked that they had to be like the old woman over there, who was so sweet to this one boy and said she'd give him a free airline ticket if he kept being that cute. And then, while he was writing down, she was making signs behind him and harassing him, which was kind of funny. So that—and then Swiff shows Earn a video of Paper—this guy named Paper Boy, who was an up and coming rapper in Atlanta. And Earn says, "Oh yeah, it's my cousin." And Swiff thought he was referring to one of the women in the video. And he said, "Oh, isn't it weird having a girl that's curvy like that?" And Earn said, "No, I mean Paper Boy. That's my cousin, whose name's Alfred." And the dude, Swiff, said, "No way that's your cousin," blah blah blah. Then Earn walked out. So the next scene was Earn showing up to Paper Boy's residence to go and try to be his manager. And so he gets there, and he goes up to the door. And when he got there, it was obviously not in a very good area. You could see a car with people drinking out of a paper bag, and people smoking nearby. So he got there, and he goes and he knocks on the door. And he's met with a gun to a tactical—it's a tactical on the gun—and that was pointed outside the door. That's what happened, and before this, we saw Paper Boy in his house. He was playing video games on the thing. And the other guy was making—I think his name was Darius, I'm pretty sure his name was Darius—and he was making a sandwich, so that happened. So at the door, Paper Boy's holding a gun, and then he sees that it's Earn, so he lets Earn in. And Darius was in there, and Darius has the knife that he was making the sandwich with—or maybe it was cookies, I feel like it was cookies, I don't know—No, it was cookies. And that—so then he lets him in. And then Earn comes in, and Earn said, "Let me be your manager." And he brought up the whole managerial proposal. And his cousin was laughing at him, being pretty much like, "Oh, you just wanna hop on this wave, my wave. You're not here to help me, you're here to help yourself." And then, so they're talking there, and then Earn was—or Alfred Paper Boy says, "Oh, we're late for something," which made it seem like he had to go somewhere. And then they went outside, and they're sitting on this couch out in the middle of the lawn in the hood, looking up. And they started smoking, presumably, marijuana, in which Alfred offered it to Earn. And Earn said, "No, dude, not while we're—not while I'm working. I wanna do a business proposal." I'm gonna back track a little bit right now because I did miss a scene before we got here. It was Earn, after work, he showed up at his parents' house. Maybe this was before work, I don't know. He showed up at his parents'. To backtrack from the scene at Alfred's, he showed up at his parents' house before this. And his parent wouldn't let him in. And his dad was at the door, and his mom was inside. And he was like, "Hey." And it's clear that he's asked them for money before, because the dad wouldn't let him in because the dad was like, "Yeah, I know exactly why you're here. You're just here for money. You can't come in." And then he was like, "No, I just wanted to see you guys," whatever. And then the mom remarked about how—either the mom or dad remarked about how he had left feces in the toilet there the night before. And how—oh they could tell he wasn't eating good from that, and how they could tell there was candy in it and such. So he was there, and then he showed up at Earn's place—or he showed up at Alfred's place. And now we're back to the couch—and now we're back to them sitting on the couch, and Earn refusing to smoke the weed. And Earn was like, "Can we go somewhere that's more private?" 'cause he wanted to get away from Darius. And Alfred was like, "No, dude, we're good right here. This is fine right here." So that happened, and that's how that scene ended. And it pretty much ended with Alfred saying, "Earn, you can go beat it. I haven't heard from you since my mom died, and obviously you're just here for yourself. And you don't—you didn't even care about your own aunt dying, you haven't talked to me since. So just leave, get out." Okay, and then after that, Earn shows up at this place where he sees this guy, Dave. Dave is a white guy, and Dave—it was clear that they knew—from this interaction with Dave, you could see that Earn was a DJ before. You could see that Dave had worked with Earn, put Earn on. And Dave seemed kind of—not like he was in charge, but like he was a middle man that Earn was using to get Paper Boy's stuff on the radio. So Earn—they slapped each other up when they first saw each other. They were friends, but you could tell that they weren't friends; it was a friendship just so that you could mutual—get benefits out of it. So Dave goes ahead and tells a story about how, the night before, he didn't know—Dave says to Earn, "I didn't know you were in town. If I would've known you were in town, I would've called you," which made it seem like he thought Earn was somewhere else and not living in Atlanta anymore, which was a little bit confusing. But he says, "I wish I had known you were in town. I would've called you over to the—to come DJ because this guy last night was so bad because he played Flo Rida two songs in a row." And then, "I had to pull him over, and I said, 'Really?'" and then he said the n-word. And in front of Earn, he said the n-word in front of Earn, which is not okay. And Earn was like, "Wait, you actually said that to him?" And Dave was like, "Yeah, of course I said that. I had to say that," which is super insensitive. And Dave kinda seemed like a d-bag. And so that happened, and Earn was asking him if he could get Alfred on—if he could get Paper Boy on the radio. And the guy was like, "Yeah, I guess I could, but it's gotta be five hundred dollars upfront." And to which Earn was fighting on it a little bit, saying, "That's ridiculous. I have to pay rent, and that's five hundred itself. And I have to do this and that, and I only make this amount of money." And after that, Dave was like, "Well, I don't know what to tell you. It's probably for the best anyway. The music industry isn't exactly for you, it's dirty," blah blah blah. And then Dave went inside. And Earn had a conversation with a garbage man that was there. And the garbage man was walking by with—he was walking by with the garbage, he was working. His name was Prince, and he was walking by. And Earn asked if he—Earn asked if Dave had ever used the n-word in front of the garbage man. And the garbage man was like, "Nah, dude, of course he wouldn't. He knows I would stick a foot up his ass," something like that. He said that, and Earn was like, "Okay." And then I think Earn said something along the lines of they were gonna plot against Dave, which it never—I'm guessing it'll come in the next episode 'cause it didn't come here. He asked how long Prince was working for. And so yeah, and the name Prince rung up a bell for Earn. You could tell that that name meant something to him. Okay, and then the next scene—let me think for a second, just trying to put it in chronological order. Okay, the next scene was Earn and his—or no, it was Alfred, quote unquote Paper Boy, and Darius showing up to Earn's parents' house—the uncle. And then he showed up there, and was like, "Yo, what's going on?" and then, "What's up, Uncle?" And then the uncle was like, "Hello, hey Alfred." And they talked for a little bit. And Alfred wanted to hold the baby, but the mom was like, "No, I can get second hand high from here," 'cause she said she could smell the weed on Alfred. And then Alfred asked about what was going on with Earn, and about something to do with a guy named Princeton—or maybe it was the school Princeton, but I'm feeling it was a guy named Princeton. And Alfred asked, "What was going on with Princeton?" And the dad didn't really have an answer. He said, "Earn has barely talked to us at all about this. Earn's very good at keeping to himself," whatever, whatever. And then I feel like this was switching in and out of scenes with Earn on the bus, but I'm just gonna stick with this scene right now. So yeah, that was happening, and they were like, "Yeah, Earn's very independent. He'll do things on his own terms, but when he's set on doing something, he's gonna do it," that kind of thing. So it was kind of like it was a foreshadowing kinda thing with Alfred and Earn's parents. So there was that, and then after that, we get a scene with Earn on a bus. And Earn is on this bus, and he's with his daughter. And they both have headphones in, and he's listening to music through these headphones. And then he looks up, and here's this guy across from him. The guy's wearing a brownish suit; he looks all dressed up, and he looks really fancy. And the guy in the suit starts talking to Earn. I feel like it was kind of a hallucination kind of thing. It definitely was—it was a hallucination thing. I'm—I have a feeling that might be Princeton. And he was talking to him, and I forget what he was talking—I completely forget what they were talking about, but—oh no, I remember. Earn said, "Are some people just meant to lose? I feel like I keep losing, and maybe it's just to make the winners in the world feel better that the losers keep losing." And Earn remarked about that, and he had a conversation with this guy about that. So that was happening, and then there were sirens—no, there weren't sirens yet—yeah, there were sirens going on. And then this guy was making a sandwich. He was making a sandwich, and he seemed very insistent on Earn taking a bite of the sandwich. To which Earn was like, "No, I don't want to take a bite of your sandwich." And the guy was like, "No, take a bite of this sandwich." And then the bus comes to a stop with sirens still going on. And Earn looks next to him, and there was a jar of Nutella sitting on the on the bus, and the guy had disappeared. And then Earn looks out the window and sees the guy, and he sees that dog. He sees the dog from the first scene of the—or the very opening scene, before the episode had started. He sees that dog and the guy disappearing into the woods, which is foreshadowing something. So that happened, and then Earn takes his headphones with—his daughter was wearing tiara headphones, and he takes those off of his daughter. And was looking at his phone, and he was gonna text Van, and he texted Van. He had written out—it said, "Hey, I love you. Can we talk tonight?" And he was gonna send this, but he was hesitant to send this, so he didn't get to send it yet. And then he got a call from Alfred, which he picked up. And Alfred was like, "Yo, I'm on the radio, listen to this." And then he's like, "Get over here." And then Earn was like, "For what? To—so I can be your manager?" And the guy was like—Alfred was like, "Nah, you're getting ahead of yourself, dude," but they were laughing about it. So then, now we get to the closing scene of the episode, which was—so Earn somehow ditched his—oh, he ditched his daughter. We don't see this, but he ditched his daughter off to his mom. He gave his daughter to his mom because we see—we learn that later. But he shows up at this place, and I immediately recognized the place from the beginning of the episode, the very beginning. And I recognized what was going on because I watched this show. This is unrelated, but I watch Breaking Bad; they did this all the time. But they went back to the beginning of the—they go back, and you could recognize the place. So I knew something was gonna go down, something really bad was gonna go down. Okay, so Earn gets there without his daughter, and he hops in the car with Alfred. And Alfred's boy—I'm just assuming this guy's name is Darius, I hope his name's Darius—and he's there. Oh crap, I forgot something. Going back to Dave at the studio, there was some—I don't remember when this scene came in, but there was a scene where Alfred—or not Alfred, I keep messing them up—Earn walked into the studio. And Earn Earn slipped the CD with money in it under the door to give to Dave, so that Dave could play it on the radio. So while—so now fast forward back to the ending scene of the episode—fast forward to the ending scene of the episode. Earn was getting in this car, Darius was in the car, and Paper Boy was in the car, and they're all there. And Paper Boy's smoking weed, and then he offers it to Earn, and Earn finally takes it and starts smoking with them. And then Dave shows up in the window—Dave, the white guy—and Dave was there. And they start talking to Dave. And then Dave was remarking about, "How did Earn get into the studio? The people were not happy about it." And Earn was like, "How mad can they be? They're playing Paper Boy on the radio right now." And then Earn was like, "Yo, Dave has this really funny story about this DJ that happened last night." And Dave laughs, and then was like, "Yeah, this guy was playing Flo Rida, and I had to get him off. So I took him off, and I was like, 'Really?'" And then he didn't use the n-word this time, of course not 'cause Paper Boy and Darius would've kicked his ass. And then, so he did that, and then Paper Boy, Earn, and Darius were all looking at him, nodding, like, "Oh yeah, what a story, that's pathetic." And then Darius remarked that he likes Flo Rida. And then one of them was like, "That's really not that good of a story." And Dave was like, "Yeah, I know it's not that good of a story, Earn. I don't know why you made me tell it." And Earn was like, "Yeah, I don't know either." So then Dave goes away. And this girl is walking by the car. And Paper Boy yells out the window that she was fine. And she was like—she yelled back at him, "Don't say that stuff to me." And then he was like, "Oh, you—" he yelled some slurs at her, and that was that. But then, later, they were chilling in the car listening to Paper Boy on—his name is as an artist is as Paper Boy, but the song's name is also Paper Boy. And Alfred turns the song off and says that he doesn't even like the song. And then a girl—the girl that he yelled at and a—presumably her boyfriend come by and kick down the—kick off the window, and then—or no, kick off the rear view mirror. And Alfred yells at them, "Yo, what're you doing?" And then Earn—Alfred reaches for the glove compartment to get a gun. And Earn was like, "No, absolutely not." But then Earn picked up the gun while walking out of the car, because Alfred had already gone to chase after the guy, which is then when we get back. And then we end with them getting out of the car. That happens, and we know what happened in that scene because it happened at the very beginning with the altercation, and them pulling up their shirts to show they have weapons, and Paper Boy putting the gun against—up against this guy. And then it very started with the gunshot being heard, which is not good. And so then, the end scene, after that, was Van getting home from her date. Earn's mom was there taking care of the kid. And the news was playing on the TV in the background. And then when Van watches the news, she sees Earn—it looked like his high school graduation picture with a tux and stuff—and Paper Boy show up on the screen as two possible suspects of a murder that was going on in the area. And she said, "You idiots," and that is how it ended.