Okay, so the last episode I watched started off with Earn, Alfred, and his friend—and Alfred's friend Dante or something, not really sure. But they were in a car, and Alfred gets mad and he gets out of the car. And there was a shooting that happens. And then there's also—there was a shooting that happens after an argument between this guy and his girlfriend. But at the end we don't really know—we don't know who got shot. And then it skips to Earn in bed with his girlfriend. Earn and his girlfriend are sleeping, and Earn is awake. Earn's girlfriend sees that he's awake, and he starts—he begins—she asked him why. And he begins to tell her why he was awake. He had a dream that he was drowning. And a girl in his dream told him that the seaweed in the ocean were hands that would to drag him down. And his girlfriend—I remember that his girlfriend didn't care that he had a dream; she just cared that there was a girl in his dream. And she was like, "How did she look?" She asked him, "How did the girl look like?" And I think he told her that she was fat or something. And so then they begin to have a make-out session or whatever. But as they're engaging in sexual activity, she tells him to tell her that he loves her. But he laughs, and she does not like the response that she gets from him. I think he said something like, "Oh, every time you say that and I tell you that of course I love you," but I don't think that was good enough for her. So she gets out of the bed, and she begins to do her hair. And then it's revealed that they have a kid together, and their kid is awake in the crib. And the girlfriend tells him that he has to take care of her today, the child. And she also warns him that she does not want the child at his parents' house because that's not the child's house. She also tells him that he needs to help her out with rent if he's gonna be staying there. And he says that he will get it to her by the end of the day. The scene cuts to Earn at work, shows that at this point Earn works at an airport. And he's with a friend—not a friend but one of his coworkers. And I think they're trying to sign people up for deals. I'm not really quite sure what they were trying to sign people up for, but you can tell that it's their job to do that. And it was quite difficult for Earn and his friends to get people to sign up for deals because I guess nobody wanted them. But the—I know that there was another coworker across from them, a black woman, who was getting people to sign up. And I guess she was doing her job right, and I guess that made them kind of jealous. But as they were working, Earn's coworker—I forget his name—was showing Earn a picture—I mean a video of Earn's cousin Alfred, Paper Boy. Alfred's rapper name, I guess, was Paper Boy or something. Yeah, and it was a video of him in his latest song. And Earn reveals that Paper Boy—Alfred, formerly known as Alfred—is his cousin. His coworker tells—his coworker thinks that Earn is lying. Earn is like, "That's my cousin." Then Earn suddenly needs to go. Earn's coworker says, "Say hi to your cousin for me." And the scene cuts to Earn at his parents' house, but Earn's parents will not let him into the house. And that is because every time Earn goes into their house, he wants money for them, and they do not like that. And, you know, there were a couple jokes thrown around here and there. Earn's like, "I don't live there anymore." And they were like, "Dude, we just saw the waste that you left in the toilet from the other day that you were here, we know that was you," or whatever. So that just shows that he's irresponsible and cannot be trusted, 'cause he's not there to come over to their house; he's just there to find out where Alfred is. They tell him where Alfred is, then Earn heads over there to see Alfred. It's after Alfred opens the door for him, but he opens the door by pointing a gun basically to his head. But then he realizes it's his cousin, and he lets Earn in. And it's suddenly revealed that Earn goes to Alfred's house 'cause he wants to be Alfred's manager, his music manager. Alfred does not want him to be his manager 'cause he does not trust Earn, and it seems like this is rightfully so or whatever, like it's common not to trust Earn. And so Earn spends a lot of time trying to convince Alfred. He's like, "Alfred, you're not really a sex symbol, and you're black, you're going to need help in this music industry." He's telling this as Alfred and—I think his name is Dante, I'm not sure—are smoking marijuana. And Alfred never agrees, but Earn is going to show Alfred that he can do it, that he can be a great manager. He heads over to the studio or something where he has this white friend who works there. And his white friend is kind of problematic. He uses the n-word in front of Alfred—I mean, in front of Earnest. But it seems like he only uses it in front of him, which is very odd. And the white guy tells this story about how he told this guy who kept playing, I think it was Flo Rida, to stop, but said the n-word as he told him to stop. And he should not be saying the n-word 'cause he's white, or whatever. But I think Earn came to the studio so that he can get a plug. I think he wanted someone to play Paper Boy's newest song, Alfred's newest song. And the white guy refuses. So instead of using his connection to the white guy, Earnest uses—I think his name is Dave, I'm not really sure. Earnest uses his connection—I mean not his connection, but the meets the janitor, the custodian who works in the studio. I think his name is Prince, and he introduces himself to him. And he asks Prince to help him out. Prince opens a door for him, and Earnest slips a mixtape in—I mean not a mixtape, Paper Boy's song, Alfred's song. And he gets on the bus. Okay, no, no, no, the scene cuts to Alfred going over to Earnest's father's house. And Earnest's father and comes out to see Alfred, and they embrace. And Alfred explains to Earnest's father that Earnest wants to be his music manager, but he's not sure if he should let him but 'cause he doesn't trust him. But Earnest's father is like, "You have every right not to trust him, he's not a trustworthy guy. But when Earnest wants something, he goes for it." So yeah, that conversation happens. And then we cut to the scene where Earnest is with his daughter on the bus, and they're both listen to music. But then there's this guy on the bus, a black guy on the bus. And he's eating—he sits next to Earnest, and he starts to eat Nutella, which was odd. They begin to have some type of intellectual discussion, but unfortunately I don't really remember. But I know Earnest is kind of discouraged 'cause he says there are people who are meant to lose in society just to balance out nature in a way. And he is one of those people who have been put in the position to lose, and that's very discouraging to him. Suddenly the guy gets out of the bus with his Nutella, and a dog appears, and yeah, they walk into the woods basically. He seems like that's a part of his conscience or something. But then suddenly Alfred calls Earnest after hearing his song on the radio. Alfred says, "That was so fast," that Earnest should meet him at this certain spot. At this point Earnest has already dropped his kid off with his mother at his house, and he meets his cousin, and Dante's there too. Then it cuts to the beginning of the scene. It shows the concerts as to why there was a shooting. And so as they're listening to the song, I think Dave comes out. And Earnest tells Dave to say the story about the Flo Rida story in the club. And he does not say—he says—he doesn't use the n-word in front of anyone, kind of defeating the purpose of the story. And of—it defeats the purpose of Earnest's decision to make the white guy say the story in front of his cousin and his cousin's friend. Suddenly there's this girl walking by the car, and Paper Boy tells—Alfred tells her to listen to his new song. But he kinda catcalls her, and she gets kinda mad. But he doesn't know that her boyfriend, or her man or whatever, is behind her. He gets angry, and he basically punches off the side mirror of Alfred's car. Alfred is furious. They open the door—I mean, Alfred is about to take out his gun, but Earn warns him not to. Alfred gets out of the car, holds his side mirror, and says, "I need the money for this, you're gonna have to give me the money," or whatever. And yeah, that happens, and they're arguing. And then someone gets shot, and we still don't know who. But then we see a dog at the end. And then it cuts to the scene where the mother of Earnest's baby walks into their apartment to, I guess—oh yeah, she was going on a date, that's what I forgot. She went on a date that night to meet a guy. She comes back from her date, Earnest's mother leaves—yeah, she's super tired. And then the news comes up, and it's a picture of Earnest and his cousin Alfred. And they're talking about the shootout or whatever—not the shootout, but the shooting. And it's a picture of Ernest and Alfred on the TV news. But we still don't know who died, someone was hurt. And yeah, that's basically the episode I watched.