In the beginning, there are five African American men in a parking lot of a liquor store, and so there are three of them that come out of this car, and then two of them are just standing, so it seems that the three are arguing with the two. Actually, there's four men and one woman, and the woman and the man seem to be a couple, and they are in an argument with the other three. And then one of the three people pulls out a gun and points it at the other guy, and after that, there's also a dog on the side of the parking lot that the one guy keeps looking at. And then I think—well, I'm not sure if he shot him—but after that, it kinda faded away, and then it started panning over a town which looked pretty run down. And then after that, it went into a scene in a house, I think, yeah. So one of the guys from the shooting from the parking lot scene is in bed with a girl, and he wakes up from a dream or something, and he also has headphones on. And then she's like, "Why are you awake?" And then he's like, "I had a dream." And then she starts asking him, "Who's the girl?" And they start kissing each other, and then the girl says, "Say love me," and he doesn't—well, he laughs. And then she gets angry at him, and then they both get up, and the guy whose name is Earn goes—well, there's a kid, I'm not sure if it's their kid. And then the girl says that she has a date, so she and parent-teacher conferences, so she won't be back until eleven, so he has to take care of the kid until then, and he also has to pay rent. And then so he goes to his parents' house, and they won't let him in because they think he wants money, and there's a lot of tension between them, and he leaves. And so he leaves there, and then after that, he is—oh, actually, before the house scene, I think he is—no, so there's the house scene, and then he is in a different parking lot talking to a white male guy, I don't know his name, and he basically was talking about a rapper named Paper Boy or something, and Earn is like, "That's my cousin." And so he goes and tries to find—yeah, so actually, I think they were—he was talking to the other guy about Paper Boy first, and then he went to the house, and he was looking for his cousin, and then when he found him, he knocked on his door and opened it and pointed a gun at him, but when he realizes it was him, he put out the gun, and he went in. And there's also another guy in the house who has a knife and cookies, and then he asks him because he's Paper Boy to be his manager, but he doesn't trust him, so he basically says no. And then after that, Earn go—he somehow, he goes to the parking lot, and he befriends the janitor, and he somehow gets money, I don't know from where, but the janitor lets him in so he can give the record to the person who works there or something. And then his cousin goes to—well, his parents are talking to his cousin about, I think, his cousin Paper Boy's telling his parents how he wants to be his manager, and his parents say if he wants to do something, he will do it. And then in the car, you can hear—well, Paper Boy's playing on the radio. And also on the way back, he goes on the bus, and there's a strange man who sits next to him, and he—he's pretty, he's pretty tall compared to Earn, and they have a conversation, and Earn basically says why do bad things happen to me, essentially. And the taller guy sitting next to him is making a sandwich, and then he's like, "Take a bite," and it's really strange. And then he gets off the bus, and he has the dog that we saw at the beginning of the episode, and then they're in—well, and then it goes back to the parking lot scene where Earn is with Paper Boy and the other random guy who was in his house, and then the two people from the beginning of the episode, I think, are in a car or something when they come and hit the mirror off the car, and they just kind of leave it, and they don't care. And then so Earn, Paper Boy, and the random other guy get out of the car, and Paper Boy's super angry, so he goes and confronts them. And then yeah, that is where it ends—well, at the end, okay, he pulls out his gun, and then the guy who hit the mirror off is like, "All my guys are over there," and they're like having a stare down, and then I think that's where it ends. Also from earlier, there's the whole thing when he first—when he first meets the guy who I think works at the record label or whatever that company is, he tells a story to Earn, and he says the n-word. And then when Earn meets the custodian, he's like, "He just said that word," and the custodian's like, "I would beat him up." And then later, I think when he's in the car with Paper Boy and then the other guy who's with Paper Boy, he asks him to tell the story again, but I think he tells it differently this time.