So the episode begins with four people outside of what looks like some type of gas station, and one person pulls a gun, and then another person flashes that they have a gun on their hip, and then it shows a dog by the road, and then the person shoots the other person, and then it takes you to an overview of Atlanta and introduces the episode. And then Earn wakes up next to his ex-wife or ex-girlfriend or something and tells her about his dream and something in the ocean and the seaweed was fingers and couldn't touch them otherwise they'd try to pull him down, and then started kissing the girl he was with and she was worried about her morning breath, and then he asked him to say that he loves her and he wouldn't really do it and questioned why he wanted her to say that, and he ended up saying it but she got mad. And then Earn went over to their daughter and said was talking to her, and then the ex-wife or whatever had parent-teacher conferences that night and then she was gonna be on a date until eleven, and then wants him to pay rent because he's living there and he doesn't have the money, so he goes to his parents' house. And Earn's dad doesn't let him in the house because he assumes he just wants money and he was there yesterday and didn't flush the toilet when he was there and he eats candy and cookies in his diet is what his mom says, and he leaves their house. And somewhere along the line someone shows him a video of Paper Boy who was also the person in the beginning who shot the other person and that's his cousin Alfred. Oh, that's why he—no, that's why he went to his parents' house was to find out where Alfred was, so that happened before before he went to his parents' house he was shown a video on a phone of Paper Boy a really good music video that apparently the song's gonna blow up and it's gonna be a big deal. Earn has the idea to manage him, so he goes to his parents' house and all that happens. So then after his parents' house he goes to meet Alfred and discuss plan with him, and they're smoking weed and Earn doesn't want to do it, but when he goes to their house to Alfred's house Darius is there and Alfred opens the door with a gun and Darius has a knife, and then they realize that he's the cousin and it's fine. So he has the idea to be the manager and they said no he's not gonna do it. And then Earn goes to a school where he meets someone named David I think, and then he is a DJ and works for a radio station, and he was telling a story about a Flo about Flo Rida and used the n-word when telling the story to Earn. And then Kyle or not Kyle I think his name was David went into the station and he's holding Starbucks cups, and then Earn talks to Prince who's a custodian or janitor of some sort, and then he lets or Kyle or David tells Earn that he needs to pay five hundred dollars to get the single on the radio. And then Earn ends up going and getting the five hundred dollars from a shoe in a shoebox, and then Prince lets him into the building and he slides the money and the CD under the door and it gets played on the radio. And then Earn and then Earn leaves and he has his daughter with him and they're playing music and they're on a bus, and when they're on the bus he gets a call from Alfred saying that the song's on the radio and he's really excited. And then this guy is sitting across from Alfred or Earn and his daughter on the bus and he says to Earn oh your mind is racing you need to tell me what's going on, he goes and sits next to him, and when he's sitting next to him he's giving him some sort of life advice about a river I don't really remember that. And then blue police lights go racing by the car and the guy who came and sat next to Earn made a Nutella sandwich and wanted to wanted Earn to take a bite, he said no I'm not gonna eat that, so the blue lights drove by the bus and the bus stopped, and then it showed the seat and the guy wasn't there anymore and it shows him making it outside the bus and he's there with the dog and that was shown at the beginning of the episode, and then that guy was wearing a suit by the way. And then and then it shows Alfred and or Earn meeting Alfred and Darius outside of the same gas station or whatever that was shown at the beginning of the episode, and the guy from the radio station shows up again and said Earn wants him to tell the story again and he says the same story but leaves out the n-word this time. And then Alfred and before this when they're sitting on a car they're smoking weed and Earn was doing it too, and then and then Alfred cat called I guess a girl who was outside the car and she yelled back at him and they get kind of annoyed but it was just kind of whatever. And then a guy who I'm assuming was with that woman came and hit his mirror off the car, and then Alfred got really mad and reached for the gun so he would go shoot him, and then Earn stopped him and was no think about the money, and then so Alfred's okay you're right gets out of the car. And then it shows Earn kind of contemplating it and then he grabs the gun, and then it goes forward to his ex-wife Earn's ex-wife or whatever that he's living with getting home from her night and showing the on the TV it's the news, and then it goes live news and says that there was a shooting and one person was injured and they haven't been found, and that Alfred and whatever Paper Boy Earn were the leading suspects. And then yeah I think that's it.