So I remember the episode started off with—it was at night, they were outside of either a gas station or a nightclub. And it was Earn, Alfred, and Darius, I think. And they were in an argument against—it was this dude and some girl, and they were in a fight about getting money back or something. And eventually Alfred whips out a gun trying to get the other guy to pay up. And then the other guy whips out a gun and he's like, "Oh, I got a gun too." And Earn whips out a gun 'cause he's trying to calm them down. And then the screen—then Darius looks over and he's like, "Oh, I've seen that dog before." And it's an Australian Cattle Dog or something. And the scene zooms out to looking above and away from where the five people are at, and you hear a gunshot. And then it goes to the opening scene of Atlanta, and it shows a bunch of different neighborhoods and a bunch of different kinds of houses and stuff. And it was a drone flying over them. And then the episode starts zoomed in real close on Earn's face, and he's listening to music with headphones. And he's sleeping next to this girl—I wanna say I don't know her name, but I know it's his baby mama. And they're best friends. And she pushes his headphones off and is like, "Why are you up?" And he's like, "I had a dream." And she's like, "What did you dream about?" And he's like, "I was swimming in a pool, except it wasn't a pool, it was an ocean. And I was swimming through this seaweed on the ground, and there was this lady telling me not to swim through it cause those seaweeds were actually hands that would grab you and pull you down and drown you." And she's like, "Wow, that was deep." And he's like, "I know." And then she was like, "What girl?" And he was all like, "She was fat and annoying." And she was like, "Well, I didn't ask you if she was fat and annoying." And then I think either she asked, was he making out with the girl? And he was like, "No." But then he was like, "Yeah, I was." And then, you know, there was a little romantic scene and they're kissing and what not. And she goes, "Say that you love me." And then he laughs and doesn't say it. And then she gets really pissed and pushes him back like, "Say that you love me." And she's like, "What was that laugh?" And he's like, "Oh, I just laughed because you always say that and I always say that I love you." And then she pushes him off and gets ready for work. And they have this conversation, and they're—she's like, "Earn, if you're going to be living here again, you need to help me pay for rent." Then Earn goes over and looks and sees their baby named Lottie. And he was like, "Okay, I got some work. How long—how late will you be back tonight?" And she's like, "Eleven." And he's like, "That's kind of late." And she's like, "I got a date tonight." So even though he has a child with this woman, they're not together, I suppose. And then he—she—Earn is basically talking to the baby, making fun of the girl for having a date or whatever. The scene shifts and he's at work that looks like he's working at an airport. And they're trying to get customers to sign up for some rewards program or something. And there's this old black lady across from them who's getting a ton of people to sign up. And Earn is being all depressed, and he's stating all the things that are wrong with his life to, I guess, what is a friend. And he's basically like, "I got no job, I gotta pay rent, and my baby mama's going on a date with some man," and all this other stuff. And they're basically just laughing at the fact that they can't sell anything 'cause they're not an old grandma. And then his friend whips out his phone and was like, "Yo." And he's like, "Oh, what song?" And he says, "Paper Boy." And the friend shows Earn this video, and it's Earn's cousin Alfred, and Earn is like, "What?" And he has this funny look on his face for a little bit, and then he's like, "I gotta go." And then he goes 'cause he told his friend that he's his cousin and the friend didn't believe him. So the scene changes to Earn showing up at his parents' house. And his parents won't let him in the house 'cause they think he's going to be asking for money. And they have some conversation about their relationship, I suppose. And they're like, "Last time you were here, Earn, you took a big shit in my toilet." And they were commenting on his diet and stuff. And Earn is like, "I don't ask for any money when I come here." And then I think Earn asked his parents if they could watch his kid or something. But basically he's asking where Alfred was, and I think they told him. And they are like, "Bye, Earn," and he goes. And the scene—the next thing is there at Alfred's place. And Alfred is playing video games, talking with Darius. And they hear a knock on the door, and they whip out their guns. And Darius puts on a handkerchief and has a plate of cookies and a knife. And they open the door and it's Earn. Then Alfred lets Earn in, and Darius offers Earn a cookie, which he takes. And Earn is trying to convince Alfred to let him be his manager. And I guess Alfred is thinking about doing a deal with a major record label, and he's like, "Why should I?" And they're talking about it, and then Darius is like, "Yo, we're late." And they're like, "What? It's four thirty." And so the scene shifts again, and they're on a sofa in a field smoking pot, and they're discussing it again. And Alfred's trying to be nice, being like, "Nah, dude, you can't be my manager." And they kind of got into an argument. And Alfred offers Earn the joint, and Earn is like, "I don't smoke when I'm trying to talk business." And then Alfred gets really mad, and he's all like, "I haven't seen you since my mom died, the first thing you talk to me is 'let's get rich.' Don't lie." He was like, "Get out." And so he gets really mad, and he makes Earn leave. So then Earn is like, "Alright, I got to do this my way, I guess." And then the scene shifts, and he's in some parking lot. And he goes up to this white dude. And this white dude's name is Dave, and he's one of the DJ's at a local radio station. And Earn is trying to convince Dave to play Paper Boy on the radio. And Dave said he will do it but only if he gets five hundred dollars, and that's to get the the information to the door or something. And while Dave and Earn are catching up, Dave makes this horrible joke, not very funny story about this time when he was at a DJ party or whatever, and they were playing Flo Rida over and over again. And he says he went up to the DJ and says, "What are you doing, my N-word?" And Earn is like, "What?" And he's like, "Haha, okay." And then they just laugh, and he goes on his way, and he goes inside. And Earn is still annoyed by Dave, and he sees a black janitor coming out, and he's like, "Yo, what's up." And he's like, "Does that guy—does Dave ever say the N-word to you?" He's like, "No, he would never." Then Earn introduces himself, and he asks to the janitor—his name is Prince—how long he's staying that night. And he said, "Until eleven or so." And then I think the scene shifts so that Dave is on the radio right now. And then Earn walks in 'cause Prince lets him in, and then he comes with cash. Oh, there was an earlier scene where Earn goes home and gets his money and I guess makes some decisions and stuff. But then one of the scenes was—he has the CD with the song and the cash, and he slips it under Dave's bosses door. And Dave at first didn't realize what's happening, and he was like, "Oh, come in with the money." That he got really pissed and was like, "Oh, what're you doing?" But then Earn leaves before Dave can get out of the booth and ask him anything. So then while—before the scene before this, with Earn trying to get the DJ to play Paper Boy, Alfred and Darius show up to Earn's parents' house asking what Earn's intentions are basically, and whether he'd be a good manager or not because of what happened. And basically they keep referencing this Princeton thing. And his dad's like, "You know what happened to Princeton more than I would ever know." And they were basically like, "Would Earn be good at this manager stuff?" And his dad basically says, "He would, but only if he has his mind to it, and he can do it his way." And then Darius is always super weirdly high, and says the most random things. He's like, "Can I measure how tall your tree is?" And then the dad is like, "No." And he's like, "Aww man." And then that's when I think the scene shifts to Earn going back to the house—I mean to the DJ station—and slipping the track under the boss's door. And then the scene shifts again, and it's Earn on the bus with his baby, and they all have headphones on. And sitting across from them is a weird black dude in a tan tux. And he's looking at them really strongly, really intensely. And he comes over at the next bus stop and sits down next to Earn and is like, "What're you doing?" or something like that. "You look lost or really confused or anxious or something." And Earn is unsure if the guy is talking to him at first. But basically they have this weird conversation, and he is not into it. And basically the guy in tan is like, "You're basically a broken branch, just float through the river and see where it takes you." And Earn's like, "Nah, I'm not gonna do that." And throughout this entire time this man is making a Nutella white bread sandwich. And at the end he's like, "Do you want it?" And Earn's like, "No." And he's like, "Eat it." And Earn's like, "No." And then the next bus stop comes around, and you hear police sirens happening and stuff. And then he gets up really abruptly and leaves the Nutella and knife so that you know he was there, and he gets off. And you see this cattle dog from the beginning part also meet him off the bus and go into the woods with this guy randomly. And so Earn is like, "What?" And then Earn's on his phone, and he's about to text the baby mama "I love you" and "Can we talk tonight?" And right as he's about to hit send, Alfred is calling him. And he's freaking out because Paper Boy is on the radio because of what Earn did. And Alfred's like, "Come over, we need to talk." And so Earn smiles. And the baby, I'm assuming, is with the grandparents, and Earn goes over to meet Alfred, which is the initial scene at the very beginning of the show of them being outside the gas station. And they're sitting there and smoking, and this time Earn actually takes a hit. And there's—I don't think they know that Earn is the one who put it on, but they were gonna talk about it. And I think Alfred is low-key impressed. And then this—the black girl from the original, in the beginning, walks by. And Alfred tries to holler at her and be like, "Yo, what's up?" And he's—she's all like, "Ew, no." And then he's all like, "Well, fuck you." And so he's really annoyed and just sitting in the car smoking listening to Paper Boy. A couple seconds later somebody comes up and kicks down the side mirror of the car. And Alfred gets really pissed and tries to reach for the gun, but Earn doesn't let him. And then they got into the argument that was the beginning. It was basically started because Alfred was hollering at this other dude's girl. And it got into an argument about how Paper Boy is not a good song. And then you still don't see who shot who. But then the scene shifts, and it's the baby mama coming home after her date, and the TV is on. And the grandma's like, "Lottie is asleep in her crib, and you're out of wine." And she's, you know, taking her jewelry off, and she looks on TV. And it's like, "Two men in DeKalb county were detained for under suspicion of a shooting." And Earn and Alfred were the ones on there. And then it ends with—I think the show ends with either, "You stupid idiot," or something. And she's saying that about Earn, but yeah.