The last episode started off with a group of guys in a car in a what seemed to be an abandoned parking lot, and they were talking. But then all of a sudden, a guy from outside comes and takes out—rips off the—the one of the mirrors on the car. So the guy in the driver's seat, who I believe his name is Alfred or Paper Boy, he gets out and confronts the guy, starts talking to the guy, starts asking why he broke the mirror off. And then he's followed by two other guys, Earn, who's his cousin, and then the three of them are— are talking to this guy who is also with his what seems to be girlfriend, and they're getting into it. And all of a sudden, someone—Earn reveals that Alfred is Paper Boy, who is this new rapper who released a new song, "Paper Boy." And the guy who ripped off the mirror insults Paper Boy specifically about one phrase, "mucking," I believe. And then they start getting into this argument, and then all of a sudden escalates to the point where Paper Boy pulls out—pulls out a pistol and points it at—at the guy who ripped off his—the mirror of his car. And Earn tried to stop him, Earn's trying to stop him, but then Earn pulls out a gun as well. So they're arguing, they're arguing, people are telling Paper Boy to put the gun down. And then all of a sudden, it zooms out the screen, and you hear a gun shot. And then it's how it starts rolling, it's how the screen starts rolling. There's music playing, it's panoramic view of what seems to be Atlanta, going from houses to hotels to highways to different parts of the city. And then it cuts into Earn, who's sitting on the bed with what seems to be his girlfriend in the beginning, but then they find out it's the mother of his daughter. And he's—he's laying down on the bed, and he's listening to music in the headphones that seem to wake up the woman. And she gets up and tells her—why are you up so early? Asking why he's up so early. And Earn said he had a bad dream. He had a dream about how he was swimming, he was in a pool, but it seemed like an ocean. And when he was swimming, there was a woman in his dreams that told him not to touch any of the seaweed like human hands or else they would drag him down to the bottom, which seems like a lot of symbolism. After—after describing the dream, the woman playfully jokes that she's jealous of the woman in the dream. And then they start getting intimate and start kissing. And then Earn's—Earn's girlfriend or the mother of his daughter asks him if he loves her, and Earn doesn't really respond but kind of laughs. And then she gets offended and kind of questions why he laughed. And his response was, "Because I laughed because you already know the answer to that." And then he tells her that he loves her, but then she doesn't really buy it. So then she gets up and goes into the shower. And then they start talking about their plans for the week and how Earn's gonna have to take care of his daughter because the mother is going to parent-teacher conference, and then she has a date at the end. And Earn gets upset by the fact that she's going on a date and jokes around with his daughter that his mom—her mom's going on a date with some corny guy. And then after that, the scene cuts to Earn at work with his coworker, Swift, I think that's his name. And Swift's on his phone, but Earn has a very emotionless face. And Earn—Earn's job is at an airport, and it seems as if he's tryna—he's a salesman, tryna convince people to switch their credit cards or travel cards. And he asks a guy walking by if he likes to switch, and the guy tells him—the guy makes an insulting comment and walks away. And then it cuts to Earn's watching this woman, this older woman who's also a saleswoman at this—for this company, and she's doing great. She's attracting all the customers while Earn and Swift can't get any customers to sign up for them because she's just—she's just more charming. And then Swift starts listening to this song, "Paper Boy" by Paper Boy. And Earn—Swift's like, "Hey, watch this, watch this video, watch this video." So then Earn takes a look at the video, and he notices that Paper Boy is his cousin. So after that, he leaves, and Earn goes to find—Earn wants to go find Paper Boy. And he goes to his parents' house and knocks on the door, and his father opens the door but doesn't let him in because he jokes that it will cost him too much money for to let Earn in. And Earn doesn't seem to have a very good relationship with his parents because they are not—they don't like how he's lazy, but he does have a job, which he explains to them. And then he asks his father if he knows where Alfred is, and after a little bit of convincing, his father tells him that he's at some apartment complex. So then it cuts to Paper Boy and another guy, his name starts with a D, forget his name, Demarius, D. So it cuts to these two guys, and Paper Boy's playing a video game. And then all of a sudden, hear a knock on the door, and Paper Boy gets a gun. And then he goes open the door, and he points a gun at the door, and he says, "Who is it?" And he opens the door slightly, and it sees that it's his cousin, so he opens the door up and kind of greets him and lets him come inside. And then it cuts to the other guy that his name starts with a D, he's hiding behind the door with an apron on and a knife and cookies. And then they go inside, and they start talking. And then Paper Boy confronts his cousin Earn, saying that you're only here because you know that I'm Paper Boy and you just wanna make some money off of me. And Earn denies that, he tries to play it off like he doesn't know who Paper Boy is, but then he—then he tells him that he wants to be his manager, not to take money from him. And then Paper Boy doesn't really like his idea because he thinks Earn is just gonna be very selfish and just take money and exploit him for money. And following that, they kind of have a discussion, they go outside, they go on a couch and a field, and then they start talking. And Earn tries to persuade Alfred, his cousin, to let him be his manager, but Alfred doesn't seem to budge. And then the other guy makes some really weird comments about having children. And then the scene cuts out, and it shows—and it shows Earn going to a radio station. It shows Earn going to a radio station with a CD, which is "Paper Boy" by Paper Boy, the song. And he goes to what seems like his old time friend, and he kinda greets him, he starts talking the usual small talk. And then he asks his friend, "Hey, could you play this CD in the radio station?" But his friend said he'll do it for half a thousand dollars or five hundred dollars. But Earn clearly doesn't have that money. "Now, can you do this as a friend? Can you do this as a friend?" And then the guy—his friend, his supposedly friend—is very cruel to him. I think his name is David, so David's very cruel to him, kind of brushes him off, tells him to go away. And then tells him a story about with a DJ and how he played Flo Rida twice in a row, but the story didn't end up going well and got Earn kind of angry. And then he—Earn sees a custodian pushing a dumpster, and then he asks the custodian how long he's gonna be working. And the custodian said all day. So then Earn—it cuts to a scene where David's in the radio station, and then it shows Earn walking in because a janitor let him in—sorry, excuse me. And Earn walked in the radio station and slipped the CD under KP's door, who seems like he's the manager of the whole radio station. And it kind of showed David up. After that, Earn cut to the gamble—he didn't really know whether this was gonna work, especially he also—he also put down a lot of his money. He went to a shoebox, and he had them—took out a lot of cash, and he put it on the tape, put it rubber band it to the CD, and then push it under the door. And then it cuts to a scene where Alfred goes and visits Earn's father, and they're talking there. And Alfred asks Earn's father or his uncle if he can trust Earn. And his father said that he can trust Earn, Earn's a trustworthy and intelligent person even though he does have many flaws. And then the guy whose name starts with a D says that some—some weird comment about the tree, about how he'd like to measure the tree. And then Earn's dad was kinda weirded out. So then after that, it shows Earn is on the bus with his daughter, and he's listening, and they're both listening to the same song while she's falling asleep in his arms. And across from Earn is a man wearing a beige suit. And Earn isn't really feeling too good cause he feels defeated, but the man sits down next to him and asks him what's on his mind. So Earn starts telling him about things in life and how he feels, how Earn feels like God put him on this earth like a—as a loser, just to be there, to be compared to the winners, just to be around, so he feels worthless. But the man gives him advice about how it's like—life's like success is like a stream with a branch in it and how it just pushes you along, which kind of helped Earn. And this man starts making a Nutella sandwich with two pieces of bread, and he turns to Earn and yells at him, "Eat this, eat this, eat this." And Earn's like, "I'm not gonna eat this." And then all of a sudden, a police car goes by, and Earn turns around, and by the time he turns back, the man is off the bus. He's with a dog, and he walks into the woods. So it's kind of a weird scene. But after that, Earn's daughter's asleep, so he puts on his headphones and starts listening to the radio, and he hears Paper Boy being played. So then he gets pretty excited. And then he gets a call from—well, he pulls out his phone to text his girlfriend or the mother of his daughter, "Let's talk tonight." But then he gets an incoming call from Paper Boy or Alfred, his cousin, and he wants to meet and talk. So Earn's feeling great. He drops off his daughter for his mom, and he goes, and they're in the parking lot, the three of them, and they're talking, and they're smoking, and all seems good. And they're listening to Paper Boy, and Paper Boy admits that he doesn't even like the song. But then he rolls down the window, and he sees this woman walking by, and he shouts something at her. And the—she—she doesn't like it, so she says something back. And then they get into kind of a verbal argument, but then she kinda goes away. And then all of a sudden, this man comes and breaks off the—the window mirror or the—he breaks off the car mirror, the outside of the car. And then that's where the whole episode started from the beginning. Alfred reaches down for the glove compartment for a gun, and then Earn stops him. So then Alfred just gets out of the car and chases after the guy, and he confronts him, and they start talking, they start talking again. And they—in the beginning, they saw the dog, the same dog that was with the man in the beige suit, so it must be a very—I think it would be a symbol, this man has some weird power. But then they're talking and talking and talking, and all of a sudden, it cuts to the news. It cuts to Earn's—Earn's girlfriend or the mother of his daughter walking through the door after her date, and she turns, and she's listening to the news and talking to Earn's mom about where Earn is and why he left the—the daughter with her. And then all of a sudden, the news grabs her attention because she heard that someone was shot, and the two suspects are in custody, and one of them is Earn, and the other one's his cousin. So then the episode ends.