Okay, so the episode started with three men getting out of a car in the parking lot of a gas station. And three men were Earn, a rapper which is his cousin, and another guy. And this is just after their car had been—the window had been knocked off by a man passing by. And so the three men get out. And it's very confrontational between the three men and the man that hit the window, and presumably maybe his girlfriend—we don't really know. And they have a whole fight about the mirror, about money, and it's very violent. And all of a sudden, the rapper pulls out a gun and points it at the other guy and holds it to his chest. And the other guy looks a little bit frightened. And then he pulls out a gun, and then it seemed everyone there had a gun. And so we don't really know what happens, but the camera lifts up from the gas station, goes all the way above, and it just keeps on going up. And once you get to the top in the dark sky, you can see the gun shot—well, presumably the gun shot, as you see a light flash. And from there, the camera kind of rolls from bird's eye view over Atlanta, probably, and keeps on going until the Atlanta title comes up. And the first scene—so that's actually the last scene, but it just came first in watching. And then we're in the bed with Earn and—Earnie and his wife—not his wife, his daughter's mother. And they're being all flirty. Earnie—Earn had just woken up and accidentally hit the woman. And the woman—they were flirting with each other, and they're cute. And then Earn starts climbing on the woman. And she says, "Tell me that you love me." And he kind of laughs. And then she gets kind of angry, and she's like, "Why wouldn't you say that you love me?" And he's like, "I always say it, you didn't feel a need to say it again." And so she gets all angry, and she storms out of bed. And then we see she goes into the bathroom, and Earn goes and picks up his daughter, Lottie, maybe—Lottie. And he's playing with her while the mother's in the bathroom. And the mother's telling Earn that he has to pick up Lottie from—has to take care of her, but doesn't want her—him to just drop her off at his parents' house, because his home is the apartment they're in. And then she brings up that he should probably start paying rent. And then she talks about a date that she's gonna have later; she's texting the guy. And Earn says—now throwing Lottie in the air, saying—talking really badly about the man she's gonna see. And the next scene is Earn in the airport, doing his job of trying to get people to sign up for something. And he's standing with another guy. And there is an older woman, and she's actually getting people. And he cracks a joke that only older people can get people—old women. And she gets people by kind of flirting with youngish men. And so she actually gets one, and while he's signing up, she stands behind him, and she's grinding on him, and she's side-eyeing the other two men. And then the other—the man that Earn was standing with—brings up the rapper that's Earn's cousin. Earn says, "Oh, that's my cousin, I know him." And the guy's like, "Oh, haha, no you don't, but this guy's gonna make it big." And I think this prompts Earn to go, in the next scene, to the rapper's house. And so he gets to the house, and he's walking in—no, never mind. 'Cause he first goes to his parents' house. And his father's in the door, just standing in the doorway. They're having a conversation, and the father's just very obviously blocking Earn's way to get inside. And he's—Earn says, "Are you gonna let me in?" And the dad says, "I don't think we can afford letting you in," because apparently the past anytime Earn has gotten there, he's been asking for money. His mom's also inside the house. And then the next scene is when he goes to his rapper cousin's house. And the rapper cousin opens the door and actually uses the peep hole, which Earn comments on. And he's holding a gun. And when he sees it's Earn, he lets him in. And the guy—the third guy who was in the parking lot in the beginning, the guy that had been really high and was staring off into space at a dog—he was holding a knife in an apron and a cookie. He's wearing an apron and had cookies. And then the rapper dude said to put down the stuff. So, Earn—I mean, the third guy gave Earn the cookie, offered him a cookie. And then they went into the kitchen, and Earn asked the rapper if he can manage the rapper. And the rapper just was not very into the idea, kind of ignored him, kind of played it off it was nothing. Said he wasn't really ready for it—anything to change. And then they went into the—onto a couch in the house. The conversation continued, and they look down at their—the watch, and I think it was four thirty. and they're like, "Oh, shoot, we missed the time." So then the three of them jump in the car, and drive off to a field with an abandoned couch. And the cousin and his other friend are smoking a joint, and they offer Earn a hit. And Earn says, "No, I don't smoke on business endeavors," because Earn was still trying to convince his cousin to let him manage him. And he's very stubborn about it. And then his cousin just is like—he's not ready for a change, so there's no need for a change. He doesn't need the—Earnest as a manager. And then the next scene, we see Earn in a parking lot. And he goes up to a kind of fratty-looking guy—maybe he knew him in the past at some point. And they're having little side talk, and like, "How are you doing?" whatever. And Earn says, "Can you play the rapper—his cousin's rapper song on the radio station?" They're right outside the radio station. And the guy says, "Well, it's gonna cost you—" I think it was five hundred dollars, half a G, I think. And Earn was like, "Why?" and obviously didn't wanna pay the guy. And the guy's like, "Well, whatever." He didn't really care, so he starts walking away. And so Earn lets the guy walk inside. And right outside the entrance is a janitor with a big trash—rolling trash. And Earn approached the guy, they have little side talk or just talking. And then Earn asked him how late is he here that night. And the next scene is at Earn's parents' house. His cousin just got there with his friend, and he's like, "Hey, what's up, Auntie and Uncle?" And they're talking some side talk. And eventually Earn—not Earn, his cousin—says to Earn's parents, "What do you think about Earn managing me?" And his parents, you know, aren't so thrilled by the idea. But they say, "Earn wants something, then he's gonna get it, and he's gonna do everything he can to get it. He's stubborn that way." And that stubbornness was shown by the whole radio thing. And the next scene is—oh, is the rapper and his friend are in the parking lot of the gas station, listening to the radio. And they hear the song come on, and so they get super excited, they're pumped up. They call Earn, like, "Come over, you gotta come over right now," so excited. And Earn drives over there. And they're all like having a great time listening to the song, bopping. And Earn has a little sly smile, 'cause he knows that he got the song on the radio and had succeeded. And so then the cousin does ask Earn to help him out, be his manager. And so then Earn is now smoking a joint. And this is when the whole episode comes full circle, and the window on the mirror—the side mirror gets smashed, and the confrontation takes place. And so after that, we see Earn's daughter's mother in Earn's apartment. And the mother—Earn's mother—had just dropped off Lottie. And then after leaving, the mother of Lottie comes in, and she's just putting everything down, looking around. And then the news comes on. It's just talking about traffic and regular things. And then there's a picture of Earn and his cousin, saying, "Breaking news, shooting taking place, two suspects." And she just goes, "Idiot." Yeah, before that—I don't know when, but Earn was in the bus with Lottie. And this random really preachy guy comes over and sat next to them.