The episode begins with Paper Boy's car. A man comes up and kicks his rear side window off his car. He hops out of the car with his manager, Earn, and Darius, and they chase after the guy for him to pay for the damages. But the man calls the man said he can pay for it cause he's rich cause he's Paper Boy, but Earn says they're both broke. And then all the sudden Paper Boy pulls out his gun and puts it up to the man's chest. And then the other the guy kicked down his window or his rear view mirror whatever also shows his gun, and Earn also shows a gun. And then that scene ends with an aerial view of someone getting shot. It's not really clear who shot who, but assuming it was Paper Boy shooting the guy who kicked down his mirror. And then after that it transitions into some aerial views of Atlanta, and then we see we see kind of a horizon view of the city with white font that says Atlanta. And then it goes into Earn being in bed with his his daughter's mom. He's listening to music and she she hits his headphones and she's like, "Why are you up?" And he says he has a dream and he describes how these hands were trying to grab him and this girl in his dream is saying, "You have to swim above the hands," so he's telling him that. And the girl immediately goes, "Who's the girl?" And he says or Earn says, "She was fat and I talked to her boring." And then and the girl goes and then he goes, "Are you jealous?" And she says, "Well because you say she's fat and unattractive and dull but you turn out making out with her." And he said, "I didn't even say I was making out with her." And then she asks, "Were you making out with her?" And he says, "Yes." And then they start making out. And then they get up and he goes to his daughter and says, "Oh no she's awake. The world's gonna die of your cuteness or something." And he picks her up. Her name's Lottie and he's holding her and his baby mama's talking and she says that he needs to pick Lottie up tonight and she doesn't want him or she doesn't want Lottie at his parents' house because she lives at their house. And Earn says okay and he pretends that he remembers he was supposed to have his daughter that night. And and then she tells him she's going on a date with some guy and he's holding up his daughter kinda talking to her and he says, "Your mom's going on a date with some corny dude. Yeah this is a great environment for you." And then it transitions into a new scene where Earn is at work, presumably at an airport, selling something to people walking by. And he's talking to the guy with him. The guy takes a picture of him and says like, "When you're high at work." And Earn was talking about how he can't sell anything and he's practically broke and owes rent to tonight to his baby mama because he can't sell because he's not an old lady. And then we see one of the other representatives talking to a younger man and successfully selling him something because he's supposedly fighting with her. And Earn and his associate are watching her jealously. And Earn's associate shows him a video of Paper Boy who Earn realizes is his cousin. They're watching a music video on his associate's cracked screen and his associate tells him that he needs to get on that before he gets signed. And then we transition into another scene where Earn is on his parents' front porch. His dad won't let him into the house because he quote can't afford it because every time Earn comes around he's always asking for money. And he says that's not true and his dad talks about how he's supposed to be smart but he can't even flush his own toilet. And then he ends with closing the door. No no Earn asks them to pick up Lottie because he's going to get a job, presumably being he's gonna he got the idea to manage Paper Boy who's his cousin. And then the scene ends with his dad shutting his door and not letting Earn inside saying, "I love you, son." And then transitions again. Earn is at Paper Boy's house and he knocks and they open the door with a gun to his face. And Paper Boy realizes it's Earn and he opens the door and lets him in. But Darius is behind the wall with cookies and a knife, but Paper Boy tells him he goes he tells Earn that this is Darius and Darius puts down the knife and offers him a cookie. And then they go and sit on the couch and Earn proposes that he wants to be his manager, that he's not just asking for money. And Paper Boy basically tells him he doesn't need a manager, he does what he wants. And then Darius all the sudden says, "Four thirty," and they go, "Oh we're late." And it transitions to all three of them sitting on a couch that being Earn, Paper Boy and Darius and they're smoking weed and and Earn basically says that he's Paper Boy's not gonna make any money because he's not white, he's older and he's not selling sex. And then Paper Boy argues that he does sell sex and then plays him track twenty-eight which is talking about massaging or something. And then anyways we transition into a new scene where Earn is in a parking lot hiding behind a dumpster at a radio station. And he walks up to one of the guys who works there. He's talking to him and the guy's name is Dave. He tells him a story about how there was a radio station party and the DJ was playing Flo Rida or something and he had to pull him aside and tell him really except when he's telling Earn this story he uses the n-word which Earn kinda gives him a confused look cause he didn't cause he didn't like that. And he asks if he could play Paper Boy on the radio station and basically Dave was like, "You're just some man on the street like I'm not gonna do that for you. You have to pay five hundred dollars blah blah blah to get the radio head TP to play your song." And then Dave goes inside and he greets a couple people outside and he's like, "What's up my bros or something like that," and shakes all their hands and goes and starts to walk inside again. And Earn sees a janitor named Prince and he asks him if he points at Dave and he says, "Does that guy ever say the n-word around you?" And he says, "No or else I'll put my foot up his butt." And Earn goes, "Yeah of course or something like that." And then and then we get a transition back again to Paper Boy pulling up to Earn's parents' house and he's talking about how he wants to manage him but he doesn't trust him. And his dad's like, "Yeah that's fair." And then Darius asks Earn's dad if he can measure his tree and he says not right now and Darius is upset about that. And then Paper Boy asks if he can see Lottie and Earn's mom is like, "No she's getting the contact high from here." And then it transitions yet again to a scene where Earn is pulling money out of a shoebox and he goes to the radio station with a mixtape of Paper Boy's song. And he he goes in and he sees Dave and Dave's like making motions to have him but Earn just goes straight to TP's door and TK I think his name was TP and he slides the the mixtape and money under the door. And and then it transitions to him with Lottie on the subway or a tram I think it was actually a bus cause they were outside you could see the street from the windows. And on the bus he's listening to music and his daughter's listening to music as well. She has pink headphones with crown on top of them. While he was on the bus this odd guy who was sitting who was originally sitting across from him and comes and sits next to him and he's talking about some philosophy type stuff and Earn doesn't really like what he's saying. And the guy is spreading Nutella across bread and he tells Earn to take a bite at it at the sandwich and Earn says, "Nah I'm good." And then he goes like, "You need to take a bite out of this sandwich," like really aggressively. But then a police car drives by the bus and then Earn turns his head and when he turns back the Nutella is just sitting on the seat and the man's off the bus. Then he looks out the window and he sees the man walking with the dog that was seen in the first scene when Paper Boy shoots the guy who kicked down his window or his mirror. And then he gets a call from Alfred which is Paper Boy who is listening to his song on the radio that Earn successfully got the radio manager to play. And he says he says, "You need to come and talk." And Earn says about manager stuff and he says, "No about boy you need to chill out." And then it transitions into another scene. He's without Lottie this time assuming he went home and dropped her off or something. And then he walks up to Paper Boy's car and they offer him a blunt and he takes it and hits it twice. They're all sitting in a car and Earn's door is kinda open and Dave comes up to the door and is talking to all of them and he was like, "Yeah TP's pissed." And Earn says, "He must not be that mad because the song's playing." Dave kinda looks at them and Earn says something about how Dave has good music taste. And then he transitions into a conversation about Flo Rida story that he heard earlier. Then Dave tells the same story and except he excludes the word the n-word this time and Darius in the back seat goes, "I don't get it. I kinda like Flo Rida. Moms need to enjoy rap or something like that." And then Dave kinda leaves and Earn is sitting in the front seat and he goes, "Man this is a good song." And Paper Boy goes, "I don't really like it." He turns it completely down like shuts off the radio. And then the guy comes up and kicks off the window and we see we see Paper Boy reach for the glove box and try to grab a gun and Earn says, "Don't mess with the money." And they all get out of the car and chase after that guy but it doesn't play the scene where he shoots him. It instead transitions into his baby mama coming home to Earn's mom and she tells him or she tells her that Earn is out getting a job or business right now. And the mom walks in and takes off her shoes and TV is playing in the background with a news report and she's like, "You know she's starting to like you know unravel from her night." And then it says two suspects, Paper Boy and his manager Earn, and it shows both of their pictures on the TV. And we see we see his baby mama look at the screen and she's like, "What idiots." And then it ends.