So the episode begins with these—you don't know any of the character names—and so they're outside of this shop, and then there's three people in the car, and then these people walk by, and the guy kicks over or does something to his mirror, is what seems in the beginning. So the guy in the driver's seat runs out, he goes after him, everyone is gathered around, and they're having an argument about the mirror. And then that's when the guy who kicked or the guy who did something to the mirror was like, "Oh yeah, I recognize you," and that it's introduced that the guy whose mirror was broken, his name is Paper Boy, and he's a rapper. And then throughout the scene there are certain clues, for example sometimes the camera will flash to the side where there's a German Shepherd and I believe two other people walking in the background. Then all of the sudden they—the Paper Boy pulls out a gun, and then he points it at the guy who was refusing to pay the money for the mirror, and then the guy also who is refusing to pay also turns out to have a gun. Then Paper Boy pulls trigger on the guy, and then there's a bang, and then the scene cuts into an introduction to Atlanta, I guess, and there's scenery, there's nice neighborhoods, there's a view of the skyscrapers. And then it goes to the story of Paper Boy's manager whose name is Earnest Marks, and he's—he's lying in bed listening to music, and beside him is his wife whose name is Van. Basically he talks to her about a dream he had about swimming, and that there were things in the water that could drag him down. Then they start making out, and then at one point she tells—she asks him if he loves her, and he doesn't really answer, he laughs instead. And then she gets a little offended, I guess, and then so they get up and they move around the house, and it's revealed that they have a daughter whose name I think is Lottie, and and that she's also expecting him to cough up rent by the end of tonight. And then after that he's—he's at his job at the airport, and he's trying to get people to sign up for insurance, I think, and he's next to his friend called Swift, and he talks about how he has trouble signing up for getting people to sign up for insurance compared to the this other old lady on the other end. And he also realizes that he needs to get money in a different way because he's getting paid fifteen fifty plus commission, so he's talking to his friend Swift, and Swift talks about Paper Boy. And then Earnest also this whole things is sort of a time cut, so the beginning scene fits in with the end of the episode also, but you realize that later. And then he's talking to his friend Swift about Paper Boy, and he realizes that he knows—he tells Swift that Paper Boy's his cousin. And then Earnest suddenly leaves saying that he has to go do something, and then Swift thinks that he's just bluffing that Paper Boy's his cousin and that's why he's leaving. And then afterwards Earnest changes out of his work uniform, he's wearing this orange and blue shirt and with a backpack, and then he goes to his parents' house. His dad opens the door, but neither of them will let him in because they think he's gonna come and ask for money, but all he does is ask for Paper Boy's real name is Alfred—he asks for where Alfred is. And then throughout the entire episode also there are Paper Boy's song plays at certain points. Then he walks and goes to where Paper Boy is, and then he goes in, he meets this other guy living with Paper Boy and his name is Darius. He goes in, there's a—when he knocks on the door at first Paper Boy points a gun at him, and then he realizes that it's just just Earnest, so he lets him in. And then Darius is waiting in the corner with a knife and a plate of cookies, and then Darius offers him a cookie when he comes in. They sit down on a couch, Alfred was—because Alfred was playing or Paper Boy's playing video games on the couch. And then Earnest proposes that he could be Paper Boy's manager because while Paper Boy's a rapper he's not super super famous, and Earnest thinks that he could help him expand and spread his music more. Then it's four thirty or four o'clock, and then for some reason it's some sort of tradition, I guess, they go out on the lawn on the couch and they're smoking, and they keep talking about this transaction of Earnest being his manager. And then Paper Boy doesn't like it, and he says that they walk—when he walks out of the house he tells Earnest that this is the first time he's contacted him since his mother's funeral, and it's about making money and getting rich, so he takes personal offense at that. So after Earnest decides to go prove that he's serious about being his Paper Boy's manager, and he goes and meets up with one of his friends who's white, his name is Dave, and he works at the radio station. And Dave's—he meets Dave at the parking lot outside of the radio station, Dave has all these drinks, and then he takes—and then Dave tells him this story about a party where he called the DJ the n-word. And then Earnest asks Dave to play the music, Paper Boy's song, except Dave is like, "Oh, I won't play it unless give me five hundred dollars and the CD or something." And then Dave and then Dave leaves him and goes to the building of the radio station. And then so Earnest decides—and then Earnest sees this other trash guy, his name is Prince, and then so he uses Prince to get into the building later with money from that he hid in the shoebox, I think, and a CD, and he slips it under the door. And Dave is really confused as to how he got in and everything. Then after so yeah afterwards it cuts to Earnest—it cuts to Alfred pulling up to Earnest's parents' house and confronting—well this was laid over with Earnest getting the money and slipping it under the table and getting into the radio station, but it's Paper Boy asks his parents if Earnest is actually serious or what's going on with that, and his dad is like, "If Earnest is actually serious about something he'll actually do it." Then afterwards Earnest is on a bus, and then there's this guy sitting who's wearing this brown suit and spreading Nutella on white toast and making a sandwich. He was bald, and they were talking, and then Earnest was basically like, "Yeah, I'm going through some rough times," and then the guy was kinda weird, and he said something said some things that are supposed to I guess help Earnest. And then he's finished spreading the Nutella and he's trying to make Earnest eat the toast when there's a siren that goes by, and Earnest watches it go by, and by the time he looks back the guy is already—the brown suit guy is already off the bus with only the jar of Nutella next on the seat next to him, and he leaves into the woods with a German Shepherd. Then he all this while he's holding his daughter on his lap, and it's really obvious that him and his daughter have a really good connection. Then afterwards he's texting Van, and he says like, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" When Alfred calls him he picks up, and turns out that Paper Boy's song's playing on the radio, and Paper Boy's really happy about it, and he tells him to come meet up with him. So the place Alfred meets up with Paper Boy—I mean the place Earnest meets up with Paper Boy—is back to the first scene which is outside a store, and they—he goes into his car, they offer him the cigarette or he has something to smoke, and then he takes it. And then Paper Boy's really happy about a song on the radio and everything, and that's when he sees Dave again, and Dave comes by, and then he tries to get—he gets Dave to tell the story he told him before, except this time Dave doesn't use the n-word, and Earnest gets really suspicious or he was already suspicious too. And then then that's when after Dave leaves that's when these two people walking by, this lady and this guy, the guy kicks down the mirror. Then Paper Boy gets all offended, Alfred tries to tell Paper Boy to not go, but then Paper Boy still leaves the car in anger. Then we know what happens, he pulls the trigger. And then it jumps forward to Van coming back home, and she—the TV's on, and it says there's live breaking news, and that Earnest and Alfred are in custody. And yeah.