Okay, so last week I watched the pilot episode of Atlanta. It started with a scene of Earn, Earnest, the main character, and his cousin who I think was named Alfred. They were sitting in the front seat and the shotgun seat of Alfred's car when the side mirror was kicked down by somebody. And then the scene—Alfred and Earnest and their friend Damascus gets out of the car and they start arguing the guy who kicked down the side mirror and his—I don't know, a girl that he's with. And so they're arguing, and then they argue about how Alfred's Paper Boy, an up-and-coming rapper. And then Damascus sees this dog and they argue. And then they start—and weapons are pulled and guns come out. And Alfred puts the gun to the guy's—the guy that they're arguing with's—chest. And then there's sort of an aerial shot where you see everything, and there's a bang. But then it goes to—and it seems like somebody was shot, it's a gunshot. And but then it goes to Earnest in bed with his girlfriend—I think her name was Van—but not his girlfriend. It's kind of confusing, but whatever. They were in bed and Earnest wakes up. He describes this really weird dream he had about mermaids, I think, I don't know. He describes this really weird dream, and then there was a woman there. So then his girlfriend, or Van, gets jealous and they start kissing. But then they stop 'cause Earn doesn't say, "I love you." So then they get up, they walk more into their home and or their apartment, I'm not really sure, I think it's a home. But then Earn goes to their daughter Lottie's room, picks her up. And then Van says she has parent-teacher conferences tonight, so he's gonna have to take care of Lottie. She says they're going to go until eleven. So then he says, "What? What? Parent-teacher conferences are gonna go until eleven?" And then she says she has a date. Then Earn goes to his parents' house—or no, actually he goes to work. He looks like he's working at an airport, kind of selling credit card memberships. He's with this other guy who's working with them there. And they're talking about how Earn doesn't have any money. Van wants him to pay rent and he doesn't know what to do. And then the guy that he's working with pulls out his phone and shows him Paper Boy. And Earn goes, "Oh, that's my cousin." And he's like, "You should get on this, before he blows up, before he gets signed. You should manage him or do something so you can get money." And then there's this old woman who's also selling credit cards. And they're not getting any new clients 'cause she's so sweet. But then she is kind of inappropriate, so that's funny. So then he goes to his parents' house. And Earn goes to his parents' house, and his dad—I think his name is Raymond—opens the door—or Randall maybe, I'm not sure, I'm just gonna go with Raymond. And he opens the door and he's like, "I'm not gonna let you in because I can't afford it. You don't have any—I can't lend you more money." He's like, "No, I need you guys to pick up Lottie because I am going to a job." Like, "Do you know where Alfred is?" his cousin. So then he goes to Alfred's house. And when he—Alfred—opens the door—well first, before he opens, I mean, he goes to his house. But before we see him come into the house, we're at Alfred's house with Damascus. He's making cookies or something, but he asks if the milk has gone bad. And Alfred's like, "For what?" He's like, "For drinking." And he's like, "Yeah, I don't drink it." And it's kind of funny. Then he goes and then Alfred goes opens the door for Earn. He doesn't know it's Earn obviously, so he pulls a gun on him and whatever. They walk inside and then Damascus has a knife, it's funny. But then Earn starts pitching him about he should be his manager 'cause he's gonna blow up, he's gonna be great, but he also knows—Earn knows what to do. And as he's pitching him, Alfred's like, "One minute, we're gonna be late, we got to go cause it's four thirty." And he goes and then they—it cuts to the three of them, three men in an empty field on a couch smoking weed. And Earn keeps pitching about how he's gonna make money for them. But then Alfred is like, "What happened in prison?" And he kind of dodges—Earn kind of dodges the question. And then Earn keeps pitching, and then they start walking away from the couch. Then Alfred says, "I haven't spoken to you since my mom's funeral and now you're coming in here to talk to me about money because we're family." Like, "No." And so then they both leave. But then Earn goes to a radio station, that's it called? I think it starts with a K, a KCC or something like that, KBC maybe, I can't remember. But he goes to the parking lot of a radio station and it's the first white character, Dave. And Dave, he's asking him to play Paper Boy on the radio. And Dave is like, "I need you to give me five hundred dollars for it." He says that, "You should give me half a stack," but I guess a stack is a thousand dollars. And then—and Dave tells him this story about the radio station's Christmas party, that the DJ was horrible and he was playing Flo Rida. And then Dave throws around the n-word and Earn gets visibly uncomfortable cause it's self-explanatory. But then he—Earn—then Dave walks inside to the radio station building. And Earn talks to, I think, a garbage man and says, "Does he ever say the n-word around you?" And he says, "No, because I would beat him, I'd beat him up." Then Earn's like, "Okay," and clearly they formed a connection, but that doesn't come in until later. And Alfred goes to Earn's parents' house with Damascus. And you see Earn's parents playing with Lottie in the yard. And he says to them, "Oh it's—oh Earn came to me asking for a job, what do you think? What happened in prison? He never talks about it." And his dad is like, "Yeah, he never talks about it, he did his thing there, whatever." And then he—Alfred's going to hug Lottie, the baby, but Earn's mom says, "No, I can smell—I'm getting a second-hand high all the way from over here." And Damascus is in the car laughing, clearly really high. And then I don't remember exactly what happens right after that. Oh, but then Earn goes to the radio station where Dave works, and Dave is the sound booth recording for the radio station. And Earn shows him Paper Boy on CD and five hundred dollars and slides it under a door. And then Dave asks, "Why are you here? You can't just come in." And he's like, "Oh well I know people. That's how I got into the building." Clearly he's talking about the garbage man he met earlier. Then I guess he goes to his parents' house, he picks up Lottie, which we don't see, but we him with Lottie. They're on the train, or they're not on a train, they're on a bus home. And Lottie is asleep in his arm. It's like a—it's a really sweet image where he had these big headphones, not earphones or not earbuds, but headphones, these black headphones on. And Lottie has a kind of smaller similar pair, but they're pink and they have a crown on them. And she's asleep in his arms and he looks at her and he sort of has this epiphany that he should make up with her mom and he'll tell her he loves her. So he begins texting her saying, you know, "I would like to talk to you tonight." But before he sends it, he gets a phone call. Wait, but before any of this happens—sorry, they're on the bus home, it's a really sweet image. But then there's a man right across from him kind of in a bowtie and a suit. And he comes and he starts speaking in really cryptic messages, kind of a strange conversation. He comes and sits next to him and starts making a Nutella sandwich all of a sudden. Where did he—we don't even know where he got these pieces of bread. He pulls out the jar of Nutella from his suit pocket, it's confusing. And he starts speaking in cryptic messages and talking about victory and stuff, and what life is all about. And then there are sirens, so Earn turns around away from the man. And when he turns back the man is gone. And it kind of seems like he got off the bus and he had that dog with him that we saw in the first scene that Damascus was looking at, but we didn't know that connection at the time. And then Earn, after this strange conversation, this strange encounter, he looks down at his daughter, starts texting his daughter's mother. But then Paper Boy calls. His cousin Alfred calls and says, "Do you hear what's on the radio right now? It's Paper Boy. You got me on the radio. You come meet me and Damascus." And he said, "Oh, does this mean I'm your manager now?" And he says, "Don't get ahead of yourself." So he goes to meet him in the parking lot which we see from the first scene. Don't really know what he does with Lottie, but I guess he's with his mother, or then she's with his—Lottie is with Earn's mother, but we don't know that yet. But he—so he goes to meet Damascus and Alfred in the parking lot and they're in the car and they're bopping away to Paper Boy which is on the radio. And then we see Dave come out of the—they're in a parking lot in front of sort of a grocery store strip mall kind of area, I guess, and a Seven-Eleven, let's say. I don't know if it's actually a Seven-Eleven but that kind of type. He comes out, Dave comes out and goes, "Oh great, you guys are here." And Earn is like, "Oh, this is the guy that got you on the radio. Oh, he was telling me a really funny story earlier about the office party and Flo Rida." And,  "Oh, tell them the story." And Dave kind of alters the story a little bit. He tells the same story and he's trying to be cool but he doesn't use the n-word, which I found interesting. And none of them are laughing and Dave thinks it's funny, and they're like, "Oh." And they say, "Oh, we kind of like Flo Rida, he's funny." And, "Even suburban housewives and moms, they have to rap, they have to—they enjoy rap, so Flo Rida is their version of a good rap song." And Dave is like, "Okay." He leaves, and Paper Boy—Alfred says that he doesn't even like the song Paper Boy. But and then a woman walks by. He—Alfred screams at the woman, the woman screams back. And then I think a minute later his side view mirror is kicked down. And we see him getting out of the car and Earn saying, "No, don't go," which we also saw in the first one. Like, "Alfred, Alfred don't." But he goes and we know the whole scene that transpired 'cause that was the first scene of the pilot. And then it goes to Van at home. She's coming home and Ernie—Earn, not Ernie—Earn's mom is with Lottie, she's asleep. But Van comes home and says—or Earn's mom says, "Oh, I drank all your booze, you need better wine," or something like that, and leaves. Then Van goes home, checks in on Lottie, and then sees the television. The news is playing. And she sees that it says how there was a shooting tonight in this parking lot, and there are two suspects, we don't know where they are. And it shows a picture of Alfred and it shows a picture of Earn. And she says something that's of the sentiment—that's like, "Oh damn it, that idiot."