The episode starts and they're outside a nightclub and it's night time and the artist of Paper Boy and his cousin Earn or his real name's Earnest but they call him Earnest and someone knocks Paper Boy's artist's his mirror his car mirror and so they get into an altercation but the guy that knocks the mirror and the guy that knocks the mirror is with his girlfriend or some girl and she's wearing a blue crop top and they have guns and there's a shooting. And then the scene changes and it's a city and it says Atlanta and Earn is waking up next to the mom of his child and he's explaining his dream to her about going swimming and there's a girl in his dream and he claims that the girl is fat and not pretty or ugly and the mother of his child gets mad at him because they start kissing and then she says, "Tell me you love me," or something like that and then he just laughs and she gets mad at him because he doesn't say, "I love you." And then she gets up and starts getting ready and she says to him that he has to watch their kid tonight because she has parent teacher conferences and then she's going on a date so she won't be home till eleven. And then he picks up his kid and holds her while she keeps getting ready. And then he's at work and he's working at an airport he's trying to sell I think it's a mileage card or a credit card or something and he's working with another guy and an old lady and the old lady's outselling both Earn and the other guy and she makes a crude gesture with the customer who's a probably a teenager or twenty year old guy basically just rubbing it in that she's doing better than Earl Earn I mean and the other guy. And then Earn leaves because he says he has some business to take care of because the guy at work shows him a video or something and it's of the song Paper Boy he's, "That's my cousin." And then the other guy's, "She's thick, is that weird?" He's, "No, the singer is my cousin." And then so he goes and he tries to talk to his cousin first he goes to his mom and dad's house and they won't let him in because they think he's gonna ask for money and then he asks where his cousin is and they tell him so he goes to his cousin's house and his cousin opens the door but he has a gun in his hand. And then there's another guy at his cousin's house named Darius and Darius has a knife in his hand and a bandana tied around his face but then he pulls it down and he's holding a plate of cookies and he offers Earn a cookie. And then Earn comes in and before Earn comes in his cousin is playing a video game so anyway Earn comes in I think it's the living room and he says he wants to be a manager and then his cousin isn't super happy about that he's kind of preoccupied he's rolling a joint and he says, "You know where that word comes from for the sake of this conversation is it comes from man and and you're not a man." And he just gets kind of upset and then the last thing his cousin says to him is that, "The last time you saw me was when my mom died and now you're coming here saying let's get rich." And then it just kind of sounded like he was really upset at Earn. So then Earn is somewhere else in the city and he's talking to someone that works at the radio station and the guy who works at the radio station is explaining a party that he recently went to and how the DJ was so terrible and was playing a Flo Rida song and then he played then he had to go up to the DJ and say, "Hey stop that or don't do that n-word." And then Earn goes up to a janitor or custodian and asks him he's also African American and asks him if that guy had ever called him the n-word. And before that he asked if he asked the guy who works at the radio station if he has heard of this song Paper Boy and was, "Yeah it's good." And then he asks if the radio station could play it and the guy's, "No it costs it would cost you a stack of five hundred dollars." And then Earn's, "Well that's so expensive." Speaking of money Earn's child's mom was, "If you're gonna keep staying here I need you to pay rent." So he's thinking that's so expensive because it's five hundred dollars and I also have to pay rent if I'm going to keep staying there. So eventually he takes money out of a box that has a pair of Michael Jordan shoes I think. And then because he talked to that janitor he's able to get into the building and he bypasses his friend or acquaintance who works at that radio station. And then the radio station eventually plays the song Paper Boy and so his cousin is, "This is the real deal now they're playing my song." And then he says, "Let's talk." So he gets a text when he's on the I think it's subway or maybe a train from his cousin who says, "Let's talk." And or he gets a phone call cause he's in the middle of texting his his daughter's mom and it says, "I love you." And one of the messages that she had sent previously was kind of funny it said, "They're out of Chobani yogurt or something." And then it had an angry emoji. And so he's about to text her saying, "I love you," or something and then he gets a call from his cousin and says he basically says, "I don't want to do business with you." Kind of it's the gist of the conversation. And so he goes to he's with his daughter on the train and she's wearing headphones that have a that has a tiara on them and there's also a weird guy on the train he's wearing a suit and he's acting very suspicious he has ambiguous advice that he gives Earn and then he also says, "Earn take a bite of this sandwich or something." And Earn's, "No." And then the guy leaves and he also has a dog and then the dog was I'm pretty sure it was the same dog on a train that left with that suspicious guy as the dog in the beginning in the first scene of the episode. So anyway he gets that call from his cousin and then we actually don't find this out until later because I was wondering where his kid was but his mom comes over to where his daughter's mom is staying and watches his kid and puts her to bed for him. But anyway he goes to meet his cousin and they're at the place where the scene started off with and so it's night time now and they're in front of that club nightclub or whatever and he says, "Okay let's talk business." And then his cousin is smoking weed again and Darius is there too and his cousin offers Earn weed and Earn takes it. And then the guy from the record or not the record the radio is also there he meets him and he says, "Hey this is a good song." And then Earn asks him to tell the story about how he said the n-word to that guy at the party when he was playing really n-word when he was playing Flo Rida but he just he omitted that word when he told that story again. And then it was like Earn was, "Yeah weird and I wonder why I had you tell that story." But he kind of gave him a funny look because he omitted that part of the story. And then someone smashes or breaks the mirror off of Earn's cousin's car so Earn's cousin gets out and then we see Earn opening opening the glove box and there's a gun in there. And then later when Earn's daughter's mom comes back to the house we find out about Earn's mom coming over to watch Earn's kid and then she leaves says, "You're out of wine," and she appears to be drunk. And so Earn's child's mom she turns on the TV and it basically explained the story that there was a shooting and the rapper who's Earn's cousin was involved and there's also Earn who's a suspect and she was really so because she had no idea this was going on she had just gotten back from a date. And then Earn's mom when she left said Earn had to take care of some business or something vague like that so that's why she had to come over. And then the episode ends. Okay I still have more time so I'm gonna list some details that I remember that I didn't mention previously. So when Earn talks to that guy from the radio station the guy is getting out of his car and he has drinks from Starbucks that he's carrying in a drink holder. The custodian's name is Prince. In one scene when Earn is talking to Darius and his cousin who's the rapper he's, "I have to go." And then they go to an open field or a park in their neighborhood and they're sitting on a couch and his cousin and Darius are smoking weed. And there's another scene where Earn's cousin comes to Earn's parents' house with Darius and asks if Earn is for real basically. And then he asked to hold Earn's child but Earn's mom says no because basically he's too high and he shouldn't come in contact with the kid. And he comes up he drives up and he's in a white car and Darius is sitting in the passenger seat and then Darius asks Earn's dad if he can climb his tree and Earn's dad is kind of taken back and was, "Not right now." And he's, "Yeah," that basically means no. And I think he was under the influence of he he had definitely been smoking weed. And then in the beginning of the episode or towards the beginning when Earn and Earn's child's mom are in bed together and then she gets up and starts getting ready she's wearing this I think it's a scarf or something around her head and she takes it off and she starts doing her hair. And then Earn goes and gets their kid and she's wearing pink footed pajamas or a jumper and he picks her up out of her crib and starts talking to her.