The episode starts and they're outside a nightclub, and it's night time, and the artist of Paper Boy and his cousin Earn—or his real name's Earnest but they call him Earn. And someone knocks Paper Boy's, the artist's, his mirror—his car mirror, and so they get into an altercation. But the guy that knocks the mirror is with his girlfriend, or some girl, and she's wearing a blue crop top. And they have guns, and there's a shooting. And then the scene changes, and it's a city, and it says "Atlanta." And Earn is waking up next to the mom of his child. And he's explaining his dream to her about going swimming. And there's a girl in his dream, and he claims that the girl is fat and not pretty, or ugly. And the mother of his child gets mad at him because they start kissing. and then she says, "Tell me you love me," or something like that. And then he just laughs. And she gets mad at him because he doesn't say, "I love you." And then she gets up and starts getting ready. And she says to him that he has to watch their kid tonight because she has parent-teacher conferences, and then she's going on a date so she won't be home 'til eleven. And then he picks up his kid and holds her while she keeps getting ready. And then he's at work, and he's working at an airport. He's trying to sell—I think it's a mileage card, or a credit card, or something. And he's working with another guy and an old lady, and the old lady's outselling both Earn and the other guy. And she makes a crude gesture with the customer who's a probably a teenager or twenty year-old guy, basically just rubbing it in that she's doing better than Earl—Earn, I mean—and the other guy. And then Earn leaves because he says he has some business to take care of, because the guy at work shows him a video or something. And it's of the song Paper Boy. He's like, "That's my cousin." And then the other guy's like, "She's thick. Is that weird?" He's like, "No, the singer is my cousin." And then, so he goes and he tries to talk to his cousin. First, he goes to his mom and dad's house. And they won't let him in because they think he's gonna ask for money. And then he asks where his cousin is, and they tell him. So he goes to his cousin's house. and his cousin opens the door, but he has a gun in his hand. And then there's another guy at his cousin's house named Darius, and Darius has a knife in his hand and a bandana tied around his face. But then he pulls it down, and he's holding a plate of cookies and he offers Earn a cookie. And then Earn comes in. And before Earn comes in, his cousin is playing a video game. So anyway Earn comes in—I think it's the living room, and he says he wants to be a manager. And then his cousin isn't super happy about that. He's kind of preoccupied, he's rolling a joint and he says, "You know where that word comes from? For the sake of this conversation, it comes from 'man,' and you're not a man." And he just gets kind of upset. And then the last thing his cousin says to him is that, "The last time you saw me was when my mom died, and now you're coming here saying 'let's get rich.'" And then it just kind of sounded like he was really upset at Earn. So then Earn is somewhere else in the city, and he's talking to someone that works at the radio station. And the guy who works at the radio station is explaining a party that he recently went to, and how the DJ was so terrible and was playing a Flo Rida song. And then he played—then he had to go up to the DJ and say, "Hey stop that," or "Don't do that, n-word." And then Earn goes up to a janitor or custodian and asks him—he's also African American—and asks him if that guy had ever called him the n-word. And before that, he asked if—he asked the guy who works at the radio station if he has heard of this song Paper Boy. And he was like, "Yeah it's good." And then he asks if the radio station could play it. And the guy's like, "No it costs—it would cost you a stack of five hundred dollars." And then Earn's like, "Well that's so expensive." Speaking of money, Earn's child's mom was like, "If you're gonna keep staying here, I need you to pay rent." So he's thinking, "That's so expensive because it's five hundred dollars, and I also have to pay rent if I'm going to keep staying there." So eventually, he takes money out of a box that has a pair of Michael Jordan shoes, I think. And then, because he talked to that janitor, he's able to get into the building, and he bypasses his friend or acquaintance who works at that radio station. And then the radio station eventually plays the song Paper Boy. And so his cousin is like, "This is the real deal, now they're playing my song." And then he says, "Let's talk." So he gets a text when he's on the—I think it's the subway, or maybe a train—from his cousin, who says, "Let's talk." And—or he gets a phone call, 'cause he's in the middle of texting his his daughter's mom, and it says, "I love you." And one of the messages that she had sent previously was kind of funny, it said, "They're out of Chobani yogurt," or something, and then it had an angry emoji. And so he's about to text her, saying, "I love you," or something, And then he gets a call from his cousin. And says—he basically says, "I don't want to do business with you," kind of, it's the gist of the conversation. And so he goes to—he's with his daughter on the train, and she's wearing headphones that have a that has a tiara on them. And there's also a weird guy on the train. He's wearing a suit, and he's acting very suspicious. He has ambiguous advice that he gives Earn. And then he also says, "Earn, take a bite of this sandwich," or something. And Earn's like, "No." And then the guy leaves. And he also has a dog, and then the dog was—I'm pretty sure it was the same dog on a train that left with that suspicious guy as the dog in the beginning, in the first scene of the episode. So anyway, he gets that call from his cousin. And then—we actually don't find this out until later because I was wondering where his kid was—but his mom comes over to where his daughter's mom is staying, and watches his kid and puts her to bed for him. But anyway, he goes to meet his cousin, and they're at the place where the scene started off with. And so it's night time now, and they're in front of that club, nightclub, or whatever. And he says, "Okay let's talk business." And then his cousin is smoking weed again, and Darius is there too. And his cousin offers Earn weed and Earn takes it. And then the guy from the record—or not the record, the radio—is also there. He meets him and he says, "Hey this is a good song." And then Earn asks him to tell the story about how he said the n-word to that guy at the party when he was playing, like, "Really, n-word?" when he was playing Flo Rida. But he just—he omitted that word when he told that story again. And then it was—Earn was like, "Yeah, weird," and "I wonder why I had you tell that story." But he kind of gave him a funny look because he omitted that part of the story. And then someone smashes or breaks the mirror off of Earn's cousin's car. So Earn's cousin gets out, and then we see Earn opening the glovebox, and there's a gun in there. And then, later, when Earn's daughter's mom comes back to the house, we find out about Earn's mom coming over to watch Earn's kid. And then she leaves and says, "You're out of wine," and she appears to be drunk. And so Earn's child's mom, she turns on the TV. And it basically explained the story that there was a shooting, and the rapper who's Earn's cousin was involved. And there's also Earn, who's a suspect. And she was like, "Really?" so because she had no idea this was going on, she had just gotten back from a date. And then Earn's mom, when she left, said, "Earn had to take care of some business," or something vague like that, so that's why she had to come over. And then the episode ends.