So the episode started in front of a gas station or a club, and it was night, and there was a shooting. And then the rest of the episode was a flashback and led up to that point. And so in that shooting, it was a guy and his cousin, and his cousin was a rapper, and he was trying to become his cousin's assistance and help him to evolve his rap career. And then a guy came and the rapper was driving a car and the window the rear view mirror not the window the rear view mirror was broken by someone else, and that kind of initiated the fight. And then there were gunshots. And then after the flashback, then it was in an apartment or house, and not the rapper but the other guy the cousin was in bed with his child's mom, and they were talking. And she said, "Say I love you," and he just laughed. And then she got really mad at him because he laughed at that comment. And then she told him that if he was gonna be staying there for a long time that he needed to pay rent. And then he went to got out of bed, and she started getting ready doing her hair, and he grabbed his kid. And then she's like, "By the way, I have parent teacher conferences today, so I need you to take her." And then he also found out that his child's mom the one that he was in bed with was going on a date after the parent teacher conferences. And so then he's at his job at the airport, and he sells credit card or discounted mileage passes, and he's talking to his coworker about his problem with his child's mom and how she asked for rent and how she's on a date tonight. And then their other coworker who's an older lady was kind of rubbing it in their face about how much better she was doing in terms of selling those cards, and she made an obscene gesture with one of her customers. And then his coworker showed him a video of a rapper, and he said, "That's my cousin." And then he went to his parents' house, and they wouldn't let him in because they didn't want to take care of him and feed him, and they didn't want him to bum off of them basically. And so he was a little upset about that, but then he asked him where his cousin were was because he wanted to find him and talk to him about managing him—his cousin is the rapper. And he eventually finds his cousin in, and his cousin is in an apartment or a house with another guy, and the guy has a knife in his hand. And once he realizes that the cousin knows who it is, then he offers him a cookie, which is kind of funny. He goes from being really aggressive to a person who is offering a cookie. And then his cousin's really upset because it seems like the last time that they talked it was with the death of his mother, and now he's coming around but he's just coming because he wants money, he wants to make money as a manager and he wants to help his cousin develop his career as a rapper. And so his cousin kind of is like, "Get out." And then later they're talking, and his cousin and the other guy the main character of the episode, and they're in a park, they're sitting on a couch, and his cousin and the other guy are smoking a joint, and he proposes the idea of becoming his manager. And he his cousin just kind of laughs at him. And then he goes the main character goes to a radio station because he knows someone who works there, and he meets a guy who works there who he knows in the parking lot who's carrying a drink carrier full of Starbucks drinks, and says like, "Hey, can you get me into to talk to someone? I want to play Paper Boy," that's the name of the rapper, Paper Boy's song. And the guy was like, "No." And then he told a story about how there was a party recently from the company, and he wished the main character had been there because the DJ was really lame, he started playing Flo Rida, I think, two songs of Flo Rida in a row. And then he said really really n-word as he was telling that story. But then later when he asked the guy who worked at the radio station to tell that story to his cousin the rapper Paper Boy, he omitted that part of the story, he just said, "Really dude, why are you playing that song?" instead of, "Really n-word, why are you doing that?" So it was kind of interesting that he did not tell the same story and in a different context when there were more African Americans around. And then the main character he's still at the radio station, and there is a janitor, and so he starts talking to the janitor, and the janitor is African American as well. And so eventually that's how he gets into the building. And then he slips the guy some money five hundred dollars to play Paper Boy's song. And so Paper Boy's song is on the radio. And then he goes and talks with Paper Boy, I think it was that night, and he's like, "Okay, I'll take you seriously." And also because he had to watch his child but he needed to talk to Paper Boy, he left his child with his mom. And so when his child's mother gets home from her date, his mom leaves the house and says like, "He had to go out on some business and take care of some important things, and you're out of wine." So she left kind of drunk. And then at that point in the story is when the the shooting is happening. And so his child's mom turns on the TV, and she sees his face flash up as a suspect of the shooting because he was in the car when it happened. And then his cousin got out, and there was gun in the glove box, and he grabbed that.