Okay, so in the last episode, there was a main character, African American. The episode took place in the city of Atlanta. So it started with the main character, who—I can't recall his name at the moment. He had a dream, so we were basically viewing his dream in the first part of the episode. And in the dream, they were in front of a gas station in the parking lot. And there was a dog there with a mysterious man, and there was a gunshot. And yeah, I think in that scene there was other people there, so trying to remember their names. I know there was a sidekick there, Paper Boy. Yeah, him in the car, and some—two other folks, and I think the white dude, I don't remember his name. Anyway, so then after that, the episode shifted towards, basically, the main character, who—I don't know his name—him waking up next to what the audience later finds out to be his baby mama. And then it was kind of an intimate scene. And long story short, she gets up—mad because the guy doesn't say that—. She says, "Do you love me?" And he says—he laughs. And she gets upset because he wasn't very clear; he's just hesitant. So she kind of brushes him off, and you can kind of tell that they have some tension, but they're trying to work things out, which we later learn about. Anyways, we see him pick up his daughter. And the—his baby mama tells him that he has to take care of her today. She has a date with someone 'til eleven, or something. Okay, so anyways, after that, the main character—and I'm still trying to think of his name—anyways, we see him at his job. And basically, he's a travel agent, and he is with another African American sales mate. And they're basically—that's when the—his sales mate shows him the video of Paper Boy. And this is when the main character gets the idea that—I'm gonna go. Obviously, he's having trouble making money. And we also see that one of the female African American sales mates is having a much easier time making sales. And they're saying it's 'cause she's a female and she knows how to sweet talk the customers. Anyways, so they're just a little bummed out. But so the main character gets the idea that he's gonna go work with Paper Boy. And he says, "Paper Boy's my cousin." So he really has a plan to go on this venture. And so first, he goes—I think he goes to his parents' house. And he's standing in front of the door, and they won't let him in. And they're—he won't let them in because they said that all he comes to them is for money. And they're also like, "He's a grown dude and he doesn't flush the toilet." That was a funny remark that I still remember. Anyways, I believe he asked them to take care of his daughter for that night because I think he's gonna go to Paper Boy and try to become his manager. And so he goes to Paper Boy's house, and Paper Boy's in there. There's—he has a gun, they're smoking weed, I think marijuana. And he has his sidekick, and he's making chocolate chip cookies. And the main character's like, "Who's that?" And Paper Boy's like, "Oh, he works for me, blah blah blah." The sidekick offers the main character a cookie, he eats it. And then all three of them go outside and, I think, in a park or grass. And basically, the main character—I think his name's Ernie—no, Alfred—no, Alfred is Paper Boy's name. Anyways, so he's basically telling Paper Boy, "You should let me be your manager, blah blah blah." And Paper Boy kinda doesn't wanna work with him. He said, "The last time my mom died, that's the last time I heard from you. You're not even in my life," whatever. So I guess Paper Boy—he leaves the scene. But he's still determined to win—I mean, the main character is still determined to win Paper Boy over. So he goes to a record studio with Paper Boy's new single, or something. And he's trying to get it played so Paper Boy knows, "Oh, this guy has connections, I want him to be my manager." And so he goes, and he sees his white friend in the parking lot. And he tells him this bad joke about—he uses the n-word, referring to African Americans. And he only says it 'cause he thinks he's funny, and I don't know why that was important. But anyways, Ernie—I'm gonna call the main character Ernie now, I think I might be wrong—but anyways, Ernie tells his friend if he can play the track. And he said, "No," you know, "everybody asks me. You're not—basically, I can't do you special favor. You're just everyone else." And so Paper Boy needs to make this CD into the studio somehow, to be played on the radio. So he sees a janitor, and janitor's African American, so I guess they just clicked. And I think Paper Boy won him over with some money, or something. And he is able to slip in the CD into the Todd studio, or something. And so we see that, later that day—I don't know what—okay, so that song is played, right? And actually, then I think Alfred hears it, or Paper Boy. And he goes to Ernie's parents' house, and he talks to them, or something. He sees Ernie's daughter, and Ernie's mom doesn't let Paper Boy touch him because she doesn't want him to give second-hand contact tie. Anyways, but in the scene, the audience learns that Paper Boy's inquiring about Ernie. And Ernie's dad tells him, basically, "Ernie's lazy, but when he puts his mind to something, he achieves it." And I think this is what kind of—I think Alfred, or Paper Boy, heard his song on the radio. He knows it's Ernie's work; Ernie did it because Ernie had talked to him earlier that day, and now he's trying to figure out, "Should I make Ernie my manager?" Anyway, so I think he wants to have Ernie be his manager after he leaves that scene, basically. So at this point, Ernie is—he doesn't really know what's happening. So he's on the bus, and he's hopeless. And he sees this imaginary character making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich—I think this is his conscience. Anyways, and this person has a dog, the same dog and same person that we see in Ernie's dream in the beginning of the episode. And basically, the guy tells him to take a bite of his sandwich. Ernie says, "No." Ernie is also carrying his little daughter in his arms, who's sleeping. He's listening to a headset, and he's texting his baby mama, "I love you, let's make this work out." But he actually deletes that and doesn't actually send it. And anyways, I don't know what the conscience person urged Ernie to do, and the person later disappears. Anyways, but Ernie gets a call from Alfred, Paper Boy, and I think Paper Boy wants to meet up with him. And so Ernie was gonna take care of his daughter, but at the end of the episode we learn that Ernie's mom takes care of his daughter. So then Ernie goes and he finds Alfred in the parking lot of the gas station. This is where his dream—this is a scene of his dream, basically. He gets into the car, Alfred offers him a blunt, Ernie smokes it. Paper Boy's song's playing on the radio, the sidekick's in the back seat. And they are—Ernie says he likes the song, Alfred says he thinks he actually hates it now. Anyways, the white dude comes, the same guy that didn't play Ernie's song in the studio when Ernie had asked him that day. And basically, the guy, the white guy, asks, "Oh, how'd you get the song played?" And Ernie's basically like, "Oh, you need to have connections." And the white guy's like, "Oh, Todd, the studio manager, is gonna be mad." But Ernie's like, "It's a good song though, isn't it?" or something like that. And anyways, so he makes the white guy tell the joke about the racist n-word for African Americans. And he actually omits that word because he's talking in front of three African Americans, and he feels uncertain, I believe. Anyway, so they all say the joke wasn't funny. The white guy goes back into the gas station. This African American woman walks by in the parking lot, and Alfred tries to get at her. She rejects him quickly, and he reprimands back at her, saying something rude. Anyways, and then some person comes against Ernie's—I mean, Alfred's car, and hits the side view mirror, breaks it, basically. And Alfred's pissed, so he wants to open up his—the drawer in front of his passenger seat, and take out a gun. And Ernie stops him, but Alfred still gets out of the car. And they're—and I think all three of them eventually get out of the car, and there's a scene happening. And then we hear a gunshot, and I don't know who died or who got shot. But then, later in the episode, it takes us to Ernie's baby mama's house, and she comes home that night from her date. And the grandma, Ernie's mom, leaves. She rushes out and she's like, "You're out of wine." And the mom's like, "Thank you for watching her, blah blah blah." And she's like, "Where is Ernie?" or whatever, probably. And then she goes into the kitchen, and then she—there's—on the news. And the news is on, and it's like, "Oh, two people involved in a scene in blank county," I don't—forgot—and it shows Ernie and Paper Boy. And she's like, "Oh my god, idiots." And basically—yeah, I think Paper Boy got injured and Ernie is in custody, but then the episode ends there. And yeah, I tried to remember as much as I could, also not sure if the main character's name is Ernie.