Okay, so in the last episode of Atlanta, it started with the scene the scene that it ended with. It started with that actual scene, and it started with the shooting of Paper Boy shooting the guy that kicked off his car, which we don't know yet, and started with that scene. I remember it with them and with Darius saying, "Do you see the dog over there?" and the whole thing with the guns and pulling out the guns, then the shooting, so that happened. Atlanta came on, and then the first actual scene was Earn. Earn was in bed with Van. I'm pretty sure her name is Van. Earn was in bed with Van, and they woke up, and they did that thing where they woke up, and he said he had a dream, and that in that dream, in the dream, he remembers being in a pool, and the pool had hands in it, and the girl said he had to swim above the hands or else the hands were gonna pull him in, so he had to swim above the hands. Then Van said to him, "What'd the girl look like?" and Earn was all like, "She didn't look—she wasn't attractive at all, like she was fat, whatever." And then Van was like, "Oh yeah, well then what about when you were making out with her?" And then he said, "I never said that," but then he admitted to making out with her. Then he started hooking up with Van, and then she says to him, "Tell him that, tell her that he loves her." And then he said, he laughed, and then she got mad at him for laughing and threw him off her, and he's like, "Hey, don't be mad. I only laughed because you ask that all the time, and it's like, of course I love you." And he said that, and then he found out that he was gonna be with his daughter tonight and that Van was going out on a date, so that's how that scene ended. The next scene, the next scene I'm pretty sure it was at the airport where Earn and his friend Swish or Swiff—I think his name's Swiff. Earn and his friend Swiff are working at the airport, and they see they're working, and they're trying to get people over to them, and there's some old woman across that's also working and making weird signals behind a boy, and she was doing that, and they were like lamenting about how she gets the people over because she's old and cute, and they don't get anyone to come to them. Then Swiff shows Earn a video of Paper Boy and is like, "Yo, check out this new song, look at this thing." And Earn was like, "Oh yeah, that's my cousin." And then Swiff thought that he was talking about one of the girls in the video, he's like, "Oh, what must it be like to have a cousin with curves like that?" And then Earn was like, "No, I mean Paper Boy. Paper Boy's my cousin." And then the dude was like, "No way, there's no way Paper Boy's your cousin," and like that happened. Then oh, backtrack a little, but Van asked Earn to start chipping in with rent, so Earn wants to get more money, so Earn leaves to go talk to Paper Boy. He goes there, and when he gets there, he's in the hood of Atlanta, I remember, and he gets to Paper Boy's house and he knocks on the door, and Paper Boy's inside playing video games. Paper Boy's real name is Alfred, so he gets there and he knocks on the door, and he's met with like Paper Boy with a gun like pointed out the door like at Earn's head. He realized it was Earn, and he let him in, and Darius was like with a knife, and Darius offered Earn some cookies to eat. Then Earn went inside and gave his like proposition to be Paper Boy's manager and was like, "Yo, can I be your manager? Like I can do this for you and I can do that for you, like here's what I can offer you 'cause I've been in the business before." And Paper Boy is like, "Look, Earn, like I know you are only here for your own self benefit, not to benefit me, so like you can hit the road, buddy, like that's it." Then Paper Boy got like an alert that said like he had to do something right now, and Earn was like, "What do you gotta do?" And then Paper Boy no, it looked like he had something serious to do. Then the next scene was like them on some couch looking out, and then Paper Boy and Darius were smoking weed, and Paper Boy offered it to Earn, and Earn turned it down 'cause Earn said he was in a business proposition. I don't exactly remember the details of the conversation, but basically ended with Paper Boy telling Earn to like hit the road 'cause like after his mother died, like after Paper Boy's mother died, Earn didn't give a shit about it, so Earn can like skedaddle, like he's only here for himself, he doesn't care about the family and all that stuff. So then Earn left, and then the next scene was Earn back home, and he was at his parents' doorstep like asking for money. And in this scene, like his dad wouldn't let him in the house, and his mom was in the house, and they basically told him like, and Earn was like, "Why aren't you gonna let me in?" And his dad was like, "Well, because I can't afford it," because Earn's always coming to the house and like looking for money, and that was like what we were supposed to take out of this scene. And yeah, and then the mom said that she could tell that Earn was there a little bit ago because of the feces that was in the toilet that was apparently looked bad, looked like he'd been eating a lot of junk food, not good food, so they told him to get good food in his system. Then Earn left 'cause he didn't get what he wanted, and he was like, "Alright, love you, Mom, love you, Pop," and then left. Then the next scene was Earn. Earn was getting Paper Boy's song on the radio, and that was a scene with I forgot his name, but it was some white guy, and the white guy told a story about how there was some DJ and how he would've loved to know that Earn was in town because there was some DJ that was there, and he was horrible, and he played Flo Rida twice in a row, so the guy had to tell him to get off, and he used the n-word while telling the story to Earn. Earn was a little thrown off by this and made him like repeat himself, and he's like, "Yeah, I said that, like I said that to him, I had to say it." And Earn was like, "Yeah, okay, like so how can I like get this song on the radio?" And the guy was like, "Well, you gotta throw some cash." And Earn was like, "Dude, I don't have any money." And he's like, "Then you can't get your song on the radio." Then he went inside, and Earn went and talked to the guy whose name was Prince, which reminds him of his friend Princeton who is presumably dead. The guy Prince, and he was like, "Yo, does he ever say the n-word around you?" And the guy was like, "Like he would never, like I would kick his ass if he did." So there was that scene, and then like later on Earn like comes back, and he like slips the CD. Earn gets—oh, now I remember what Prince did. Prince let Earn into the building later to like slip the CD to what's his face with the money in it to play it on the radio, and it does get played on the radio a little later. Then Paper Boy rolls up to Earn's house and talks to Earn's parents about Earn and stuff, how he's doing and whatever, like that kind of or like, "What's Earn been up to? Like why hasn't he talked about any of this?" And then the dad was like, "No, like Earn doesn't talk about things until he's ready to. Like Earn will talk about things like when he wants, like he's like that, and he's like he'll get what he wants," and that kind of thing, so they had that conversation. And Darius was in the car with Paper Boy, and Paper Boy wanted to hold the the kid that Earn's mom was taking care of, and Earn's mom was like, "No, like I can smell the weed from here, like no way." So then the next scene was Earn on a—Earn was on a subway, and the subway, excuse me, Earn was on a subway, and he was with his kid, and he was there was this guy that was with him on the subway, and Earn was talking about like why he always loses, like is it just so that the winners win more, is that why I keep losing? And then the guy was like consoling him kind of, and the guy was wearing like a suit, and he was like making a sandwich, and he was like trying to force Earn to take a bite of the sandwich, which was very odd. Then the bus—there were sirens in the background, and the bus came to a stop, and the guy all of a sudden was off the subway and was walking into the woods with like some dog, the same dog we saw at the beginning of the episode, yeah. And yeah, and Earn was with his kid on the subway, and then in the next scene Earn does not have his kid, and they are at this place kind of like this restaurant kind of thing, like this hood place. Then the guy that played the song—oh no, on the subway, Earn got a call from Paper Boy that was like, "Yo, get over here, like my song's playing on the radio, like come see this." And Earn was like, "Oh, does that mean I'm your manager?" And Paper Boy was like, "Yeah, well kind of, like we'll see." Basically that's what he said. Then okay, so there was that, yeah. And okay, so then they got to—then we're at this place, they're in the car, they're all in the car, and then that white guy came to tell the story, except he didn't use the n-word in the story this time. And like Darius was like, "Yeah, well I like Flo Rida." And then the guy was like, "Yeah, it was a stupid story, why'd you make me tell that, Earn?" And Earn was like, "I don't know." So that happened, that guy walked away, they were listening to Paper Boy in the car, Paper Boy the song, and then Paper Boy was like, "Yeah, I don't even like that song," so he turns it off. Then this girl was walking by, and he like hollers at her, and she was a little like thrown off and like yelled back, and then he yelled something back, and then like a second later a guy that was with the girl came and kicked Paper Boy's rear view mirror off. Then they got out of the car, and next, and then the episode ended with Val or Van coming home from her date to turn on the TV to see a—well the TV was already on, but she went and she saw the news that Earn, Earn and Paper Boy were in custody. Earn's picture on the TV was like his high school graduation picture in like a tux, that Earn and Paper Boy were in custody for prospective murder.