Okay, so it began with the scene in which two guys were sitting in the car, and someone race is very relevant to this show it seems. So there were two black guys sitting in a car. Another guy walked by—sorry, another guy walked by, also black, and kicked the rear view mirror on the driver side off the car. The person sitting in the driver's seat—wow, I don't remember his name at all. The person—this is gonna be hard if I don't remember anyone's names—the person sitting in the driver's seat, it was the singer. His name was—wow, I really don't remember. Okay, I'm just gonna refer to him as the artist. He gets out of the car and is like, "Hey," or tries to get out of the car, and he's angry that someone just kicked his rear view mirror off his car. And his friend is the protagonist, whose name I also don't remember. I feel it started with an E, maybe. Anyway, his friend, who I'm gonna call the protagonist, there's also a guy sitting behind the protagonist. So in the seat behind the passenger side, back seat, second row on the passenger side, there was also sitting there. Anyway, the protagonist stops the artist or attempts to stop the artist from getting out, and the artist is like, "No, I need to this guy needs to pay for my rear view mirror." He doesn't actually say that, but he says something to that effect. And he gets out of the car, and the protagonist opens the glove—the glove compartment—and finds a gun. And then the scene—oh no, that's at the end. I don't remember if it showed that detail at the beginning or not. The scene, a similar scene was played at the end of the episode in which the glove compartment with the gun was shown. I don't remember if that was shown here. Anyway, jumping back to the beginning of the episode, the protagonist—it cuts, and they're getting out of the car. At this point, though, it's focused on the people who are walking by. There's a guy who kicks the rear view mirror, and he has a girl with him. And the artist and protagonist cut them off, and they're confronting each other. One of the guys, either the protagonist or the artist, I think, says something rude to the guy's girlfriend, or the girl, the girl who was there. And she's offended, and she's like, "Why are you speaking to me like that? That's rude." And the guy who kicked the rear view mirror sort of says something, and they back off. And the third guy says something about this dog. They're in a parking lot for a drug store or something, and then there's a dog sitting on the median between the street and the drug store. And the third guy says something about this dug—how it was significant that it was there or something. And everyone's just like, "Okay," and get back to arguing. And then the artist pulls the gun, and then the guy who hits the mirror exposes a gun that he had tucked in his waistband. And the protagonist is like to the artist—before the other guy exposed the gun—the artist says to the guy who pulled the gun, "Okay, okay." The artist pulls a gun. The protagonist tries to stop the artist. He puts his hand over the—the gun. He's like, "No, don't do that." And then the guy who kicked the mirror exposes the gun that he had below his waistband. And then the artist pulls his gun out again. And there's something else about the dog. And then it zooms out, and there's a flash of light and the sound of a gunshot. And then it goes to the screen—goes to scenes of a city and streets and buildings, and most of it's a bird's eye view. And it goes to the title scene—over a title scene over a skyline—and it's Atlanta. And the font was really cool. The A's on either side were curly, had curly tails or terminals. And I think the word was black—the title screen was, or the word on the title screen, Atlanta, the title artwork was black over the scene of a skyline of what a city that I'm assuming was Atlanta. And then it goes to the protagonist, whose name I really don't remember. Oh, I don't remember. He is sweating in bed. The room is pretty light; it's clear that it's daylight. And next to him is a woman who has—excuse me—a piece of fabric wrapped around her hair, also black. And yeah, I can't remember the extent to which they're dressed, but it's clear that they're in a romantic engagement or at least it seems that way. And oh, I don't remember exactly how the sequence happens, but something about—oh, he's wearing headphones. Right, he's wearing headphones. Then she wakes up and looks at him and says like, "Why are you up?" Touches the headphones. It's clear that he's been awake. She says like, "Why are you awake? Why are you up?" He says that he couldn't sleep, and they chat a little bit. And it turns out that he had this dream where he was swimming, and there were these seaweed—there was seaweed that looked like hands. And there was this woman in the dream that said if he—he had to swim above the seaweed or the hands because if he got too close, they would pull him under and he would drown. And he goes on to say that he thinks it represents society or whatever. But all she's interested in is the fact that there's this woman—that there was this woman in the dream. And she's like, "Like what'd she look like?" And he's like, "Oh, she was really fat and uninteresting." And she's like, "Yeah, I don't know. I just think it's weird 'cause, you know, you—you say you have this dream and there's this woman, and you say she's fat and uninteresting, but why were you making out with her?" And he's like, "Well, I never said I was making out with her." And she's like, "Yeah, but you were though." And he's like, "You know me too well," or something like that. And they're—I don't remember what else was said—but they're laughing and joking, and it's clear that they're close. And then they start kissing, and she says like, "Tell me you love me." And he kinda laughs and continues to kiss her. And then she pulls away, and she's like, "Well, why didn't you say it? Why did you laugh?" And he's like, "Well, no, it's just every time that you tell me to tell you how I love you, I do. I say like, 'Of course.'" And then—and then she's like, "Well, why didn't you just say it?" And then she gets out of bed and walks towards the bathroom and starts fixing her hair. And he—it looks like he's gonna go to her—but then he goes to this room across the hall. And there's a child in the crib, pretty young. I feel like one or so, I don't know. And he picks her up, and they start talking about something else. Oh, she asks him if he remembers that he has—I think her name is Lana. I think the—the kid's name is Lottie. Maybe she—the woman, Lana, Lan, Lan, maybe Lan, I don't know—asks if he remembers that he has the child Lottie, I don't know, tonight. And he says yes out loud, but then he mouths to the kid like, "No, I did not." And she says like, "Oh, I wanna make sure that she lives here in this house. I don't wanna find her at your parents' house again." And he says like, "No, no, of course, she'll stay here. Duh, duh, duh." And then he—they might've talked about something else—but then he asks how late she's gonna be back. And she says like, "Eleven. I have these parent-teacher conferences." And he says, "Eleven? That's kinda late." Like or no, like she says, "You have or tonight I have these parent-teacher conferences." And he says, "Duh, duh, duh, yeah, but so." And then he asks her how late she's gonna be back, and she says like, "Eleven." And he says like, "Eleven? That's kinda late. Are you taking these parents out to do something fun?" Like a joke. And at this point, he has the kid in his arms, and he's walking over to the bathroom door. And she says, "No, I actually have a date." And she walks away. She's actually—she's walking out of the bathroom at this point. And then it's just him and the kid in the hallway. And then he looks at the—looks at the—at the kid, and he's like, "You're with daddy tonight 'cause mommy has a date." And then he holds the kid close to his ear, and he's like—and then he holds her up, and he's like, "What? No, I think this is a great environment for you," or a very healthy environment for you, obviously, sarcastically, obviously, and possibly pointing out a concern that this environment is not good for the child. And then I think it goes to the airport or some—I don't know, I thought it was an airport—but he's dressed in a suit, and he's with another black guy, and there are credit card signs around them. And then the protagonist tries to speak to a white—a similar dressed business person who's walking past, and he's like, "Hello," in a really friendly voice. Like, "Hello, would you be interested in—" And then the guy immediately cuts him off and says something rude. Like I think he used the F-word. And then the protagonist is like, "Okay." And then his colleague is like, "That was rude." And they're talking. And the his associate—the protagonist's associate, which whom I'll just refer to as—to whom I'll just refer as the associate from now on—pulls out his phone and starts filming the protagonist. And the—he's like, "Yo," and he says the protagonist's name. And the protagonist turns to the camera, and the associate laughs, and then stops, takes a picture, and then says the caption aloud as he's entering it. Like, "When you're at work high," or something like that. And then the protagonist is like, "No, Lan is seeing someone." And he's like, "Oh yeah, it's rough." And then he's like, "Yeah, my finances are tough." Like, "Excuse me, my finances are tough, and I can't sell these credit cards 'cause I'm not an old lady." And the camera pans across the—the room, the whatever, it looks like an airport terminal, the space. And there's this old black woman selling to a young white man, and he seems to be really engaged. And it goes back to the—the two guys talking, and they're like, "Yeah, she's really got it down." And it goes back, and the kid's signing the paper, and the black woman does something inappropriate. Like, "Yeah," mimes like, "Yeah," the dominant sexual move from behind, and while—while—while this white kid is signing the paper and clearly very smug, directed toward these two, the protagonist and his associate. And then the associate pulls out his phone again, and he's like, "Yo, look at this new track," and shows it to him. And it's the same guy as was in the beginning with the gun, so the audience recognizes him at this point. And the protagonist is like, "That's my cousin." And his associate's like, "Oh, this girl she's super thick," or something like that. And then the protagonist is like, "No, the main—the main character who's even the even the artist name I can't remember, even his artist name I cannot remember." He's like, "No, that guy." And then he's like, "Oh, you should sign up with him before it's too late. This track is catching on." And the protagonist is like, "Maybe I will." And he goes away, leaves, he walks away. And—and then the associate is like, "Oh, so this girl calls to him as the protagonist is leaving." Like, "Oh, so this girl isn't your cousin?" And then he's like, "Yeah, you don't really know whatever the artist's name is, you don't really know him." And then it cuts, and the protagonist is at his parents' house. And he's knocking on the door, or he's at a house—we don't know it's his parents' house. He's knocking on the door, and this man enters, and he's—he greets him like, "Hey, Dad." It's made clear it's his parents' house at this point. The protagonist is dressed in street clothes, really casual, tee shirt and shorts with a backpack. And the dad, this man, opens the door, and they greet each other, but his—his dad is standing with the door's open, but his arm's over the entry way, and his—his responses are pretty terse, light but terse. And it's clear that he's not super welcome there. And then over the course of the conversation, he's like, "Where's Mom?" And this this woman makes herself known in the kitchen. You can see her through the windows, and there are screens and stuff, so you can hear. And basically it comes out that he—they like, "Oh, how are you? How are you? Good, good." And then his dad is like, "Oh, how are you?" And the protagonist says, "Good." And the dad says, "Good." And it's clear maybe end of conversation. And then protagonist is like, "Are you gonna let me in?" And the dad's like, "I can't afford it." And the protagonist is like, "I'm not here to ask for money. I just wanna know where—and his cousin's named the artist—I just wanna know where he is." And then the dad gives his location. And over the course of the conversation, it comes out that he's dropped by, and he—the protagonist denies it—but his mother's like, "I saw what you left in the toilet." And then she's like, "You need to eat healthier food, none of this candy stuff." And the protagonist asks if she went through it with her hands or something, I don't know. And he has the information that he needs about his cousin's location, and it's clear that he and his parents aren't on good terms, but it's also clear that he's asked for money before, and they're hesitant to give him any more financial help. So he goes, and there's this hotel. Oh yeah, so he goes, and there's this—he shows up, and the third guy from the beginning is there, and he has a knife and a plate of cookies. Oh, and he knocks on the door, and there's a chain—the door opens, and above the chain that's holding the door locked is a gun. And that's the first thing that greets him. And then his cousin sees him, and he's like, "Oh, okay." And he opens the door, and he goes around the corner, and we see around the corner there's the third guy, and he's holding a knife, huge knife, and a plate of cookies. And as soon as the cousin whatever the artist says that the protagonist is good, the third guy immediately puts down the knife and offers him a cookie off the plate of cookies. And I'm sure that was funny. And then the—they all go sit on the couch. The third guy is sitting sort of on the arm of the couch, and then it's the artist and the protagonist just sitting on either side, all on the same couch. And I don't remember how this conversation goes, but basically the first thing the artist says is, "You want in on," and then he says his artist name. And the protagonist is like, "What?" And then he's like, "Don't play, don't play, don't even pretend, don't pretend that you're not here for that. I know you're here for that." And then he says, "No." And then they realize it's four twenty or four twenty-three or something, and the artist says, "Oh no, we're late." And then the next scene, they're outside on a couch. It's weird. It's this nice—this plush couch in the middle of a field across the street, or there's—there's a street close by, but it's in the middle of this park field looking thing. And there's a couch, and they're smoking pot or marijuana, I'm assuming. And—and the artist offers the protagonist a hit, and the protagonist declines. And the artist is like, "Wow, since when?" And the protagonist is like, "Oh, I'm doing business now." And then the protagonist is clearly trying to steer the conversation back, and he's like, "I wanna manage you. I know you're you're black and you're not tryna sell sex." And the guy is—he's basically so the protagonist is trying to prove his business sense and he knows what's going on. And the artist is like, "No, of course I'm selling sex. Watch this." And he's—he tells the third guy to drop him a beat, and he drops him a beat, plays a beat off of his phone, I think. And then the artist starts rapping about massages and sex, and he's like, "Yeah, the concept is a massage but it's sex." And the protagonist is like, "Yeah, I know what the concept is," and indicating that it might be too simple or whatever. And—and then the third guy leaves, and the artist follows, and the protagonist is still kind of asking to be his manager. And the artist turns around, and he's like, "I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral, and the first thing you come in and say is 'Let's get rich.' And you need to walk away now." And the protagonist seems to sort of get that and walks away. Next scene, he's walking through a parking lot, and there's a white guy getting out of a silver car, a nice looking car, with a tray full—a you know one of those four drink trays full of different Starbucks drinks. And the white guy's like, "Yo, what's up," and you know daps him up or something, I don't know. They greet, they're familiar with each other. And he's like, "Where'd you come from? Did you come from that dumpster?" And just sort of a weird thing to say, which was the first indication that something's kind of off with this guy, sort of a jerk. And the protagonist is just like, "No," and then moves on with the conversation. And they start talking, and the white guy's like, "Oh, I didn't know you were in town." And the black guy's like, "Yeah," or the protagonist is like, "Yeah, I've been keeping it low-key." And the white guy's like, "Yeah, of course. If I would've known you were in town, I would've invited you to this party. You should've seen this DJ. He was terrible. He started playing Flo Rida, and I pulled him aside, and I was like, 'N-word, really?'" And used the N-word, and that stuck out. And you could tell the protagonist was a little bit stunned, and he was like, "Really? You said that?" And the white guy was like, "Yeah, I had to. You know how it is? Of course I had to." And the protagonist is like, "Yep, okay." And they—and then he starts asking him whether he could play this song. He's like, "Have you heard this song?" The white guy's like, "Yeah." And he's like, "Oh, can you play it?" And he's like, "Oh, KP." KP, wow, there's a name I remember. KP makes all the decisions. I don't know what to tell you. KP makes decisions. It's just how the business works. Like you give me the—I think it was I don't know some ridiculous amount of money, a thousand bucks or five hundred bucks, a full stack, five stacks, five thousand, I don't know, something like that. And you know you give me the money, and I pass it on to KP, and that's how it works. It's just business or whatever. And he's brushing him off a little bit as he walks into the building. And the protagonist lags back a little bit, and he sees a janitor pushing a giant dumpster of trash out to the parking lot. And he approaches him. He's like, "Hey, what's up." And oh, oh, he—he's—he asks the janitor, who's also black, if that guy had ever said the N-word, used the N-word, had had that, had the white guy ever used the N-word to him. And the—the janitor says something like, "Yeah, but I'd shove my foot up his ass," something like that. He would hurt this guy, and said it in a crude but socially acceptable way, I guess. And then the protagonist is like, "Okay, yeah, what's your name?" And walks up, and the guy's name is Prince. I remember seeing that and thinking it was kinda cool. There's another name I remember. The janitor's name is Prince. And he's like, "Yeah, Prince." And you can see it on his uniform. And then the protagonist starts chatting him up, how—how late are you working here tonight? And then it cuts, and it's Lan talking to—is that right? I think then it's the cousin of the artist like driving up, and it's his parents, and it's the protagonist's parents with Lottie, the protagonist's daughter. And he's like, "Yeah, talking to." Okay, so the—the artist and the third guy are in a car, and they pull up, and they're asking where—I'm still unclear whose house this was and why they were there anyway. I don't know, it's a house. I think it's Lan's house because she didn't want the daughter to leave, I don't know. But the parents were there, and they were looking—these guys were looking for—that would make sense actually. These guys were looking for the protagonist, and they ask them where they protagonist is. And I don't know says something, or maybe they were looking—no, cause they were looking—the artist was looking for the parents 'cause they wanted to tell—I don't know whatever. The artist ends up talking to the parents about the protagonist, and the artist tells the father that, "Oh, the—the artist's mother is with the child." And then the artist is talking with the dad from the car and the lawn respectively. Like, "He asked me to manage. He wants to manage me." And the dad is a little bit surprised, like, "Oh, really?" And then the dad is—I think this is a voiceover at this point—the dad is like, "Yeah, he does what he—he does. If he wants something, he'll do what he—he'll do it his way." And then that's during the voiceover, it cuts to the protagonist getting some money out of a shoe—a nice looking shoe, out of a shoebox. And it's this big wad of cash and held together with a rubber band or something, and also getting a CD, and putting the money with the CD. And then walking through the studio, the white guy who's working the radio, he has headphones on, he's in the studio, and he waves to him, and he goes like past him, past the—past the window, and goes straight to KP's office and slides the money with the CD under the door. And then it cuts to the artist and the third guy. Oh, it cuts to him on a train with his daughter. He's on the subway or not the subway 'cause it's Atlanta, whatever the train's called in Atlanta. He's on the train with his daughter, a commuter train with his daughter who's asleep in his arms. And they both have pairs of headphones in, big over-the-ear headphones. And the daughter's are cute, they have some decoration on top, clearly made for a little girl. And then he gets a—oh, he's gonna text Lan, "I love you, we need to talk." And then he's gonna send it, but then his cousin the artist calls, and he picks it up. And the guy—the artist and the third guy—are sitting in a car, seemingly in the same parking lot as we saw in the beginning with the drug store, sitting in the car. And the music is playing, his song is playing on the radio. And he's like, "Yeah, this song, listen to this." And then he's—he tells the other guy to turn it up, and it's the song playing. And the protagonist nods a little bit, and he's like, "Yeah, wow." And he doesn't take credit for it, which I thought was interesting, but I think the—the artist might've known that he was responsible for it because he was like, "Come here, we need to talk." And so it cuts to the next scene, and the protagonist no longer has his daughter. And then yeah, I don't really know how—whatever, I don't know how the daughter wound up being with the parents and then was with him on the train, and then so maybe that wasn't the right sequence, I don't know. But yeah, I can't remember, but that—that's what I remember being the sequence anyway. He doesn't have his daughter, and he's walking in the same parking lot that we saw in the beginning. He gets in the car, he gets in the passenger side car, passenger side. And the white guy shows up, and they're talking, and something about taste came up. And the protagonist is like, "Oh yeah, you're you know you have good taste to a fault. Why don't you tell them the story you were telling me earlier?" And the white guy's like, "Oh yeah, you mean the one about Flo Rida?" He's like, "Yeah, yeah, tell it, tell it." And then the white guy tells the story, but doesn't say the N-word at the end. He just says, "Really." And it's kind of flat, and everyone is just kinda like, "Okay." And then the white guy's like, "Yeah, I think it's kind of a dumb story. I don't know why you made be tell it." To the protagonist, and the protagonist is like, "Yeah, yeah, me either." And it just kind of lies there. And then the third guy was like, "I like Flo Rida." And it just kinda whatever, moves on. And the white guy starts walking away, and I don't remember what he said, but oh, like, "Say hi to KP for me." The—the protagonist says like, "Say hi to KP for me," or something like borderline obnoxious. Like he's clearly upset with this guy and rubbing it in a little bit that he ended up getting his way. And then—and then the guy walks by and kicks of the rear view mirror, and the artist is like sort of mad and tries to get out of the car. And this is what I think we saw at the end, but—and then the protagonist is like, "No, don't." And then the artist is like, "No, he needs to pay for my rear view mirror. He needs to pay for my mirror," or whatever. Gets out of the car. The protagonist opens the glovebox, finds the gun. And then it doesn't show whether he takes it out. It cuts to the next scene where it's them walking towards the other guy, and the artist is like, "Hey, hey." And then it cuts to Lan watching like walking in. And then the protagonist's mother is leaving and is like, "Lottie's in the crib," or whatever, "Lottie's down or asleep or whatever, but you're out of wine." And then the Lan says like, "The whole bottle." And then the—but the protagonist's mother doesn't answer, just leaves. And the TV's on the news, and she's walking by, and it's something irrelevant. But then the story switches to the shooting that happened in this county, and there are some suspects. And then it puts up the artist, better known as this rapper, whatever his name is, the rapper name. And then this guy the protagonist—their faces are both up on the screen. She—and it shows her walking back, and she says, "Idiot." And then it cuts out, and that's all I remember.