So in the last episode, it started with Paper Boy, the main character, and Darius in a car. And they were hopping out of the car because somebody kicked the side mirror off of, I guess, Alfred's car. And there's a song playing on the radio; I think it was Paper Boy's song playing on the radio. And so they're getting out of the car, and Paper Boy's getting ready to confront this dude. And they walk up to the dude who was with a girl, and they're like, "Hey, look what you did to my car. What're you gonna do? You need to fix it. This is not acceptable. Why would you do that?" And the guy's like, "Oh, eff your car. We'll fix it. Get over it. Fix it." The guy's like, "No, you need to pay for my car." And then the guy's like, "No, y'all poor out here. You just fix your own car." And then I think the girl was like, "Hey, aren't you Paper Boy?" And then he's like, "Yeah, I am." And then the guy's like, "Oh, your album sucked. And if you have all that money, you can fix it." The girl's like, "If you have all that money, you can fix it yourself." And then he's like, "Nuh uh. This is unacceptable." He pulls out a gun and points it to the guy's chest. And he's like, "Look, you know, you're gonna fix my car. You gotta fix my car." And the other guy pulls up his shirt and reveals that he has a gun as well, and is like, "Okay, what's good? What're we gonna do?" And then the main character pulls out his own gun and is like, "Look, I'm strapped too." And they're all getting ready to fight. And then suddenly the camera pans up and zooms out, and it's an overhead shot. And you just hear the gun go off, and the screen flashes white. And it goes to the title sequence. After the title sequence, which is just an overview of the city Atlanta, it opens to reveal the main character in bed with headphones on listening to a song. And suddenly it reveals his girlfriend. His girlfriend's in the bed as well. She pulls off his headphones like, "Why are you awake?" And then he—the main character—describes—explains that he had a dream about swimming through the ocean, but it wasn't an ocean. And there was seaweed, but the seaweed was actually hands. And he was swimming with some girl, and the girl was like, "You need to swim above the hands, cause if the hands get you, they'll pull you down and drown." So he was swimming above them, and he couldn't get back to sleep. And then the girlfriend's like, "Oh, I don't like you." She's like, "Oh, what'd the girl look like?" And he was like—he said that the girl was ugly and doesn't matter. The girlfriend was like, "Oh, if she was ugly, why're you making out with her?" And then he was like, "I wasn't making out with her." She's like, "Really?" He's like, "I was making out with her." And then they kiss and mess around in the bed for a second. And then the girlfriend says, "I love you." And then the main character laughs, and he's like, "Oh." The main character's name is Earnest, so Earnest laughs, and she's like, "Why'd you laugh? Why didn't you just say it back?" And he looks at her and says, "I love you," and then pulls a face. So she pushes him off, and she goes to the bathroom to get ready. And then Earn exits the bedroom, and it's revealed that they have a daughter. And Earn goes and starts talking with the daughter and saying how cute she is. And then the girlfriend reminds him that he has the daughter for the day and that—asks that she shouldn't just be at Earn's parents' house all the time; he should also take care of her. He's like, "Oh, okay. I'll get her when I get off work." And then the girlfriend, who—it's revealed that she's a teacher—is like, "Yeah, I have parent-teacher conferences all night. I'm not gonna be home 'til eleven." He's like, "Oh, why eleven? That's kinda late." And she just says that she has a date. And then she walks off, and then to the girl—oh yeah, making fun of the fact that the girlfriend has a date. Basically, the girlfriend is technically a baby mama, cause they're not together, and it's revealed in that scene. And then the next shot is Earn at work with one of his coworkers. And his coworker is talking—is showing him Paper Boy's new music, or is talking about how their job sucks basically, and how they're not selling anything. And then he reveals to the friend that, "Hey, my girlfriend's dating some other guy." And he's like, "Oh, well that sucks." And then his coworker shows him the Paper Boy music video, and then Earn reveals that Paper Boy is his cousin. And then the guy's like, "Hey, honestly, you should hop on that before he gets signed, cause he's blowing up and you wanna be part of that." And then he's like, "Yeah, I really should, cause honestly I'm not selling anything here." And then across the way, their other coworker, who's being successful and selling stuff, cause I think they work for an airline mileage program for an airport, pulls a face at them. And then after revealing—later after Earn reveals to his coworker that Paper Boy's his cousin, he leaves. And the next scene is him at his parents' house. And he's like—his dad won't let him in. And he's like, "Oh," he said, "Oh, I won't let you in cause I can't afford it." He's like, "I'm not asking for money this time. I just wanna know where Alfred is." He's like, "Well, Alfred is at a different spot, and honestly all you do is ask us for money." And then he reveals that he's getting a second job, and she goes like, "Oh, okay. That's cool. That's good." And then he's like, "Alright, bye. See ya." And they just go, "Bye." And he goes—the next scene is inside a house, and Alfred, or Paper Boy, is playing a video game. And his friend Darius is smelling the milk, and he's like, "Is this good for drinking?" And he's like—Paper Boy says, "No, it's not good." And there's a knock at the door, so then they scatter. And then it's revealed that Earn's outside the door. Paper Boy opens the door, points a gun at him. He's like, you know, "Just here to see you." They let him in, and Paper Boy meets Darius, who's hiding behind the wall with a knife and a plate of cookie's. And Earn's like, "Hey, I can be your manager. I saw your music." And Paper Boy's like, "Nah, man. I don't need a manager. I'm good." And Earn's trying to convince him he needs a manager. And then Darius says, "Hey, it's four o'clock." And then Paper Boy's like, "Oh, we're gonna be late." The next scene is them sitting outside on a couch outside. And then he's trying to convince Paper Boy—Earn's trying to convince Paper Boy to let him be his manager. Paper Boy's like, "Nah, I'm not going to." And then Earn's like—and then Paper Boy offers Earn a blunt, and he's like, "Nah, I don't smoke no more." And he's like, "Why? Since when?" And he won't reveal anything. And then Paper Boy kinda asked Earn, "Hey, what happened to Princeton? What happened to your life?" He's like, "I don't wanna talk about it. Things just don't work out." And then in the final scene, Earn—Paper Boy's going inside, and Earn's like, "Hey, let me just be your manager. Why are you just blowing me off?" And then Paper Boy's like, "I haven't seen you since my mother died, and now that I see you, the first thing out of your mouth is, 'Let's make money.' Get out of here." So then Earn's like, "Okay," and leaves. The next scene is Earn in a parking lot, and he goes up to this guy Dave. And he's like, "Hey, Dave." Then Dave's like, "Did you just come from behind that dumpster?" And Earn's like, "No." And then he's like, "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. Honestly, if I knew you were in town, I would've asked you to DJ." Earn's like, "Oh, okay, cool. How much would it cost to get a song on the radio? Do you know that guy Paper Boy? He's really blowing up. I'm trying to meet someone and get a song played." And he's like, "Oh, that's gonna cost half a stack, five hundred dollars," something like that. And he's like, "I don't have that money. I'm about to get kicked out. My girlfriend's about to kick me out. Rent's due. And I don't have money for that." He's like, "Oh, well, sorry." But before that, when he first met Dave, Dave told him a story about how some DJ they had last night only played Flo Rida. And then he said to the guy—Dave is white—and Dave had said to the DJ, "Really, n-word?" And then Earn was like, "Oh, really? You said that?" And he's like, "Yeah." And then fast forward, they talk about getting the song played on the radio. Dave's like, "That's half a stack." Earn's like, "I don't have that money." He's like, "Well, oh well, see you around. Bye," and then he walked away. And Dave—Earn watched him for a second. Then he's like, "Hey—" he sees a custodian, and he's like, "Hey, has that guy ever said the n-word to you?" And he's like, "I would punch him if he does." And then Earn asks what's his name. And the guy says, "Oh, my name is Prince." And then he asks him, "Okay, how late are you working tonight?" And then it flashes away. And then it goes to Paper Boy's kinda pulling up in Earn's parents' parking lot, their driveway. And Earn's daughter's playing outside with the mom, and Paper Boy and Darius are in the car. And he greets the parents, asks if he could see the little girl, the daughter. And they're like, "No, we're getting a contact high from here." And then the mom takes the daughter inside, and Alfred talks to his uncle. He's like, "Hey, Earn just asked me to be a manager. But I don't know. I don't trust him." The dad's like, "I don't blame you, but honestly, truly, if Earn wants something, he's gonna get it." And then the next scene is Earn walking into the studio with the CD and money tucked in an envelope. And then Dave is in the studio currently DJing on the radio, and is like, "What're you doing?" And he's like, "Oh, I'll just be real quick," slides it under Kyle—who I guess is the manager of the station's door—slides the envelope, and leaves. And then the next scene is Earn on the bus with his daughter heading home. And some guy's like—oh, and they both have headphones on. And then some guy's sitting across from them on the bus, and is like, "Hey, you look like you have a lot on your mind. Tell me." And then comes over, sits next to Earn. He's like, "Oh, is it destined that some people are supposed to lose everything in life so that—to balance out the fact that some people win all the time?" And then he goes on this long rant about how it seems like nothing's working out for him. And then the guy is somehow making a sandwich with Nutella on the bus, and then gives them an explanation about how sometimes you have to go with it. And then Earn's like, "I'm not going out like that. Sorry." And then the guy finished making the sandwich and is like, "Bite the sandwich." And the guy's like—Earn's like, "No, I'll pass." And then he goes, "You gon' bite this sandwich." And then the bus—and then suddenly a cop car speeds by, so Earn's distracted. The bus stops, and when he looks back, the guy's walking off the bus. And there's a dog next to—a German shepherd, a big dog—next to him. He's walking off into some path in the woods. And the Nutella and knife and everything is still on the bus seat. Then Earn starts typing out a text message to his baby mama, like, "Hey, I love you. Can we talk?" And then the next thing he gets is a call from Alfred. Alfred's like, "Hey, you hear that? You hear that?" And it was Paper Boy being played on the radio. He's like, "I don't know how you did it." He's like, "Oh, that's—" Earn's like, "Oh, that's really good." Earn's like—then Alfred's like, "Hey, I don't know how you did it, but come here. We need to meet and talk." And he's like, "Oh, is this manager talk?" And he—and then Earn—Alfred kinda goofs around with him, like, "No, just get here. Just get here." And then Earn goes and, I guess, drops off his daughter at his house with his mom, and then meets with Alfred in a car. And Darius is in there, and it's at night. And he's like, "Hey, good, it's being played on the radio." And then Alfred offers him a blunt, and he actually takes a hit. And then Dave walks up to the car and is like, "Hey, nice. That wasn't really cool what you did." He's like, "Hey, what? I do what I have to do." He's like, "Kyle's kinda pissed." And he's like, "But the song's playing, so it doesn't really matter." And Earn introduces Dave to the two other guys in the car and asks him to repeat the story he told him earlier about the guy, the DJ, who kept playing Flo Rida. And then at the end of the story, Dave says, "Oh yeah, I pulled the DJ aside and said, 'Really?'" Didn't say the n-word like he did the first time he talked to Earn. And then he's like, "Oh, huh." And then nobody else—nobody laughed at the story; it was kinda awkward. And then he's like, "Alright, well, see you around, Dave." And then Dave kinda leaves, but he's kinda still upset. And then Earn's talking to Alfred, he's like, "Hey, this song's pretty good. This is a pretty good song actually." And then Paper Boy's like, "I don't like this song. I hate this song. It's my least favorite song." And then they sit in the car for a second listening to it. And then suddenly his side mirror—Paper Boy's side mirror gets kicked off his car. And he's like, "Hey, what's wrong with you?" And then as he jumped out of the car to run after the guy, Earn grabs him and says, "Don't mess with the money." He shrugs off Earn, jumps out, and then Darius jumps out. And then Earn's like, "Shoot, I gotta get out too." Fumbles with the compartment in the car, and then a gun falls out, and he looks at it. And the next thing you know, he's running up to meet the rest of the guys. And it's cuts off there, but it's implied that that's the same scene from before at the beginning of the show that was shown before the title sequence. And then it cuts to the girlfriend walking home. And the mom rushing out, "Hey, your daughter's already in bed, and you guys are out of wine," and just leaves. And the girlfriend's like, "The whole bottle?" And then she's taking off her shoes and dropping her stuff down. And the TV's on, and the radio's playing. And suddenly on the TV, it shows that live news that there are two suspects in the shooting, and it's Earn and Paper Boy. And a third suspect was injured but ran off, and it's assumed it's Darius. And then the baby mama's just looking at the TV like, "Oh, you have to be kidding me." And then the episode ends there. And she calls Earn an idiot like, "Oh, you idiot." And the episode ends there.