So in the show Atlanta, the episode begins in a parking lot area, and Earnest and Paper Boy—I don't remember the name of the rapper, or Alfred, his name's Alfred, I think—are sitting in the car. But his—Alfred's—the mirror of his car is knocked off by some guy, so he quickly gets out of the car and is mad. And Darius, or whatever, Alfred's friend, gets out of the car too, and they run after this guy who knocked the windshield or the rear-view mirror off. And so this guy's with this girl, and they have a confrontation that goes on. And they realize the couple realizes that Alfred is the Paper Boy rapper. They're like, "Why couldn't you be able to fix this yourself?" And he was like— and then they start making fun of him, and they make fun of his other songs that is supposed to have sex appeal, "Munchin" or something. And then they see this dog woof type thing; it's kind of elusive, I'm not really sure if it's real. And Earn is like, "Okay, let's calm down." I think Earnest is the one he's trying to placate everyone. And so basically this goes on for a bit, and then Alfred pulls out his gun. And the other guy's shows that he also has a gun in his pocket. And so Earnest tries to take the gun, and I think he does, but then Alfred gets it back. And you kind of the screen rises to this bird's eye view, and you don't really see what happens, but it sounds like a gunshot goes off. Then the theme song goes; you see pictures of Atlanta from the bird's eye view. And then the show begins again after with Earnest listening to music with headphones in a bed with—we don't know at the time, but it's the mother of their—his child. And so he's listening to rap music, and then his—his girl, woman—is like, "Why are you awake?" or something. And then he was like, "I had this dream, I was swimming with people pulling me down or something." And he said there was a girl in it. And the girl—she's like, "Was she pretty?" And then he's like, "No." She's like, "She's fat." And then she was like—she was like, "Why did you start making out with her?" or something. And then they just laugh. And so then they're making out, and then she's like, "You have the morning breath." And he was like, "Oh, I like that." She was like, "Oh, that's so weird." So they're just bantering. And then she says, "Say you love me." And then Earnest just kinda smiles. And then she gets serious and is like, "Say you love me." And he's like, "I love you," but has this weird face, which is conversation's uncomfortable. And he was like, "No, before that." Well, the first time she says, "Say you love me," he's like, "You know that I love you." And then she was just, "Say it." And then he was like, "I love you." And then it's very uncomfortable. She gets out of bed and is like, "You know, you have to pick up the daughter today." And so he's like—like he says to the daughter, he's like, "I didn't know that." And she, woman, was like, "Oh, you didn't know that, right?" And then he's like, "Yeah, I did." And says to the child, "I promise," or, "It's definitely a good environment for you to grow up in," and just being facetious. And so then we cut to—oh, then she says she has a date, or it's parent-teacher night. And then she says she has a date. And so then they cut to Earnest at work with—not at the house, he's with this guy. They're at the airport trying to sell stuff. They say something, and someone says, "I think shut the fuck up," or may have said the n-word, unclear. But basically they're just not doing a good job at the job. And this woman who's across form them, who's older, she is doing a good job and sells to this younger guy. And she asks all an old lady, but then really is kind of nasty, pretending to grind on him, mocking the guy as the kid's leaving. And then the guys are talking, and they look at this the music video for Paper Boy's new song, or it could've just been a just been a video of Paper Boy. And the guy's like, "Oh, that girl's hot," and is like, "Oh." And Earnest is like, "Oh, that's my cousin." He's like, "It's awkward." And then he's like, "No, the guy's my cousin." And so they're just like, "Oh, we're not gonna get any money." And he's like, "Do you ever just"—no, that that comes later. Alright, so then that. And I believe Earnest goes to his parents' house, but his parents won't let him in. So he's like, "Hi, parents, wouldn't you let me in?" And they're like, "No." And then he's like, "You're just here for one." And then the mom's—I don't know if it's—he's like, "I come in here anyway 'cause it's unlocked." And she's like, "Oh, we know you, you came last time, you left this big poop." And he's like, "How do you know that?" And she's like, "Did you break it to see what I ate?" And then, "All you eat is candy," I think this happened. So yeah, so a weird conversation. And he was like, "But I need you to come watch my daughter later." So they do that. And Earnest is walking; he's in this an actual parking lot, and I guess he's waiting for someone to come. So he sees this the white guy who works at the radio station. And when he sees Earnest, he's like, "Oh, where are you coming from?" He's like, "Just kinda tries to brush it off," 'cause he was clearly waiting for this guy to come to his car. And he was like, "Oh, it's good to see you," the very friendly talking, catching up a bit. And the white guy who works at the radio station, he's like, "Yeah, so this party we had, this promoter thing for work, and the DJ, can you play two Flo Rida songs in a row?" And, "Oh my gosh." And then he's like, "Yeah, I go up to the DJ, and I was just really n-word." And he's just clearly uncomfortable that he said that, but the white guy does not pick up on any of that. Or maybe he knows it's wrong but just in that situation he thinks it's okay 'cause he's friends with Earnest, friendly. Wait, okay, this happens later. So there's one other scene that happens before this. So after he goes to his parents' house, he goes to Paper Boy's house. So it's kinda a hoodish neighborhood. And so you first see Paper Boy talking to this guy Darius, or whatever, Alfred. And then they're talking, and then they're just smoking. And then Earnest knocks on the door. And then the guy Dario—I'm just gonna call him Dario even though I don't think that's his real name—he has a gun and cookies. And then he—no, he's hiding behind the wall with a gun and cookies. And Alfred opens the door slightly, puts a gun out, and he sees it's Earnest, so he's like, "Oh, you can come in." And then Earnest sees this other guy Dario, and he's like, "What the heck?" And so they're talking, and then basically trying—Earnest wants to be his manager. And they're talking about, "You need a Martin, but you're a Malcolm." And he was like, "Well, look what that got them; they both died." And then Dario's like, "You don't know if Malcolm X died." And he's like, "Dead." He's like, "No one's seen him since his funeral." And he's like, "That's how funerals usually work." So they're talking, and then they go out. Then they're outside, and they're smoking. And Earnest is like, "No, I don't wanna smoke." And he's like, "How are you not gonna smoke? On this job? Everyone's doing this." And then he was like, "You need the appeal; you're not a white guy." I don't know, just sort of living in different privilege groups that have more guaranteed success. And he was like, "I can." He was like, "You don't seem to have the sex appeal." And he's like, "I have sex," like talks about that "Munchin" song. And he was like, "I don't think so." And Dario basically just is like, "No, sorry, you got man; I don't want you as my manager." Okay, so then the scene I was describing with this white guy is happening, what I was saying before. Then he's like, "Can you please bring the CD or play the song?" And he's like, "Well, it's five hundred dollars." And he's like, "Are you kidding me?" Like, "Yup." So then sorry, that guy goes into work, KP. And this janitor walks by; he's black. And Earnest goes up to him and says, "Wait, what would you do if that guy said the n-word to you?" And he was like, "Oh, I would beat him up, oh my god, all that stuff." Basically they shake hands; they have an agreement. Oh, and they say their names; they introduce each other. Earnest says that I think his name is Prince. The janitor guy, his name is Prince or something. He's like, "For real?" And he's like, "Yeah." So then they shake hands. And yeah, so then he walks into KP. Earnest and Kevin—or not Kevin, the white guy—is on air; he seemed to be in the radio booth. And Earnest goes, and I think Kevin thinks that—or the white guy thinks that—he's gonna give him the money, but he doesn't. He has the CD with the money and slides it under the door, KP's—so I'm thinking maybe the name of the guy who runs the place—and then leaves. And then later we see Dario and Alfred at Earnest's house because they're looking for Earnest, but they see Earnest's parents outside with his baby watching him. And they're like, "I'm looking for Earnest." And then he's like, "He wants to be my manager." And he was like, "He's yeah, I wouldn't want him to be my." He's like, "I don't blame you for not wanting him to be your manager." Earnest's dad says to Alfred. And he's like, "Oh, is that my niece? I wanna see him." Earnest's mom's like, "No way, you're definitely high." And he's like, "What are you talking about? You're being snappy but sassy back at him." And so then they go to find him. So Earnest is on the bus at this point, or Earnest has his daughter at this point. Yeah, I guess he went to pick up his. So he's on the bus, and he's listening to music, holding his daughter. She's also listening to music. And then he is gonna text; he's mid-text to the wife, or not his wife but baby mama, whatever, saying something along the lines of, "Sorry," or "Hope the date went"—no, I don't think the date went well—but "See you later," or just something nice. But then I'm just unsure if he text 'cause he had to call, I guess at that point. I think he may have gotten a call from Paper Boy saying, "Oh look, the song is playing." And but also this weird man is sitting right across from him. And I don't know if he's real, but he's dressed in a suit, very large man, black. And then he comes and sits next to Earnest. He's takes out this jar of Nutella and making a sandwich with bread. And then he offers it to Earnest, and Earnest is like, "No." And the guy's holds it to him like in right in his face. And in that moment the siren goes, like police siren; they're the trucks are going by. And then it goes to a stop, and the bus stops. And then before you can see what happens, the guy he's—you can see through the window that he's off the bus and he's walking into the woods right where the bus stop is with that dog that we saw earlier. Okay, and then oh wait, before I forgot, he was talking to this guy before he came and sat next to him. He's like, "Do you ever feel like you're just here, on the world, just to be there as the lose for all the people that are the winners?" Like the—so he's very down in this scene. And but I don't really know what that guy was saying. But so then eventually he gets the call then from Paper Boy earlier, I guess. So then I guess the baby is—he's like, "I have to drop my baby back home." So then we're back at the scene where they were to start the episode. And they're in the car, and they're like, "Can you hear this?" Like the song is playing on the radio. And he's like, "Yeah." And then that white guy comes over from the radio place. He's like, "Hey." And then he wasn't sure, I think, if it was going to be awkward, but Earnest—but Earnest is being super friendly, like, "Hey, guys, this is Kevin, I know him." Like not Kevin, the white guy. And is like, "Tell them the story that you said yesterday or earlier." And he's like, "Oh yeah." And he tells the story but doesn't say the part with the n-word. And Dario was like, "I kinda like Flo Rida; I don't see what the problem is." Like story's very much a flop. And Earnest is like, "Well, you didn't say—the change is 'cause you didn't say the n-word," which I think he wanted him to. And then he's like, "Okay, I'll see you later, bye." And so they're happy to hear the song, happy to hear that song's on the radio. Alfred catcalls this woman; he's like, "You're looking good, blah blah blah." She's like, "Whatever," doesn't respond, or is basically—it's a no from her. And he's like, "Whatever, you suck," basically. And then the guy that was with this girl—but we didn't know he was with her at the time, we just saw the girl—knocks the rear view window off of his car like the scene before. Alfred gets really mad. And the thing is we knew that Alfred takes out the gun, but then we do see there's a gun in the compartment of the car. So I'm unsure 'cause Alfred's the first one to go out and chase after these people, and then Dario and Earnest follow. But we do see Earnest seeing the gun in the glove compartment, so we keep on it on too. So then they have their kerfuffle. And we go back to the house, and the we see the mom of the baby come relieve Earnest's mom of watching there at the house. And she is, you know, undressing sort of whatever in the kitchen. Or the TV's—the news says, "Breaking news, there is a someone was shot. We still are trying to find who the guy was shot. He's not, we don't have him, but here are the two people that were involved: Alfred and Earnest." And that's when the mom sees this, like "Oh my god, they." And the scene ends.