So last week's episode started with two guys in a car. One of their names was the same name as the song. It was his rapper name, and the other name I'm blanking on it right now. But there are two guys in a car, and then someone knocks their windshield off. So they get out of the car, and the friend pulls a gun on the guy. And the main character tries to stop him and says, "No, you don't wanna mess with this." And they're outside of a bar, and then the main character turns and sees someone across the street, and he says, "Hold on, wait." And then you hear a gunshot, and then the screen goes black. And Atlanta, the title of the show, pops up on the screen, and there's music playing, and it's the song by the rapper friend, which is kind of the song of the show. And then it flashes to the lead character Reggie—no, Reginald, I don't know. So it flashes to the lead character, and he's in bed with his not girlfriend, and he's listening to music. And he's listening to that song that his cousin made. And then she wakes up and asks why he's awake so early. And then he tries to kiss her, and she says no, that her breath smells bad, but he keeps kissing her. Then she says, "Tell me you love me." And he laughs at first, and she gets very angry that he laughs. And then he says, "I love you," and it's very short and abrupt. And then he gets—feels bad, and the girl wakes up. And she takes her hair thing off, and she goes to the bathroom. And she's—and then the guy goes into another room and says, "There's my favorite lady," or something like that, and it's their child. And the girl reminds him that he has to take care of her tonight, and that she has parent-teacher conferences. And then she has a date after that because she won't be back until eleven. And he starts questioning the date and getting pretty angry. And then it goes on to the parents' house of the lead guy. And he goes up to the parents' door, and the parents don't let him in because they think he's just gonna ask for money. And then they yell at him for coming into the house and using their toilet. And then he says that he has to take care of the daughter today, but he has some business to take care of with regards to the song that he's been listening to and the cousin. And then he—I think the parents agree to take care of the daughter. And then he goes to a record studio—no, he goes to the see the cousin. And they open the door, and he's holding a gun. And then he sees that it's him and lets them in. And then the cousin has a weird friend who is holding a knife in the kitchen. But then the rapper guy says, "Oh no, this is my friend." And then after that he talks to him for a while. They're sitting on the couch, and they're smoking. But the lead guy won't smoke because he says he's there on business, he's trying to be the manager for the cousin's song. And the cousin says no. While they're sitting on the couch, the cousin's friend is acting all weird talking about if rats were cell phones or something like that. And the cousin says that if he—the last time he talked to him was when his mother died, why would I want you to be my manager? So then the main character goes out to prove that he is could be a good manager by going to the recording studio and talking to this guy that he seemingly knew with blonde hair. And the guy's talking all about his life and the recording studio, and how someone was DJing and started playing Flo Rida, and he said a very offensive thing. And he—the main character—got mad by it and used that to tell the custodian who ended up letting him into the recording studio, and the tall blonde cocky guy wouldn't. And so the main character walked in, he put money in the back of a CD and slide it under—I think his name was JP's door. And that was the person who was gonna put the music on the radio. And so then the music ends up playing. I don't know if it's Candy Man—no, the song, the main song starts playing. And so the cousin calls him up and is like, "Oh, you got it, my song's playing." Before that, the cousin had gone to talk to the main character's parents about how he wasn't sure about taking a deal with him and if they could trust him. Then while the main character is on the bus home with the baby after he picked him up from the parents—picked her up—he is sitting across from this guy who is eating Nutella. And he's kind of strange looking, and he has sunglasses on. And he says—he puts Nutella on a piece of bread and tries to get the main character to eat it. And the main character keeps saying no, and he's almost trying to force him to eat it. And then you hear sirens, and the bus stops. And the main character gets—no, the Nutella guy gets off the bus, and he's walking into the woods with his dog. It's very mysterious. And then the main character gets a phone call, and it's the cousin, and he's like, "Oh my gosh, the song is on the radio, you did it." And then he meets up with him later to celebrate. And so the baby's dropped off at the parents' house, and now he's gonna offer—the cousin offers the job to the main character as manager of his music. And the guy who was the tall blonde was kinda mad at him and was like, "Oh, JP was really mad that you broke—that you came into the office and stuff like that." And then he was like, "Well, obviously not that mad, 'cause he's playing the song on the radio." And then the cousin, while they're all smoking, looks out the window and sees this girl, and he catcalls her. And then the girl must've told someone because then a guy came back, knocked off the side mirror, and it becomes the scene that was at the beginning. They get out of the car, and there's—the cousin holds the guy at gunpoint. The main character's there trying to get him to stop, and then he sees something. And it seems like it's a man with a dog, so I wasn't sure if that might be the person who was on the bus. And then you hear a gunshot, and it flashes to the girlfriend who goes to the parents' house to pick up the daughter. And the mom says, "Oh, just grab some wine, you deserve it," and "She's asleep." And then the news is playing in the background, and it says that there was a shooting. And it says that the predicted criminals—I can't remember if they were caught or not—are the cousin and the main character. And so she says, "Oh my god, that idiot." And then the episode ends.