So the episode begins with a story of Paper Boy, Earl, and Daryle in the car where Paper Boy's mirror is broken, so they go and have a small fight with the guy who broke the mirror. But then it kinda looks like somebody shot the other, but they never say who really shot the other person. But then it goes back to the morning of the same day where the mom and Earl are in the bed. Earl and the mom have a weird relationship apparently because she's going on a date with a guy, but he also has to take care of the daughter in the night because the mom has parent-teacher conferences because she's a teacher, or because her daughter has a parent-teacher conference, but I don't think her daughter—her daughter was too small for that. But anyways, Earl goes to work at the airport selling, I think, credit cards to travel anywhere. There's a grandma who does better than he does because she's old and she can flirt with people and be funny. But then he finds out that his cousin—no, his cousin Paper Boy is apparently becoming very famous with his song "Paper Boy," and he decides that he wants to go manage him. So he goes to his parents and asks them to pick up his daughter, and then he goes to Paper Boy's house where they open up his house with a—well, they protect the house like Paper Boy barely opens the door, and he points the gun at him. And then he figures out that it's Earl, so he opens up. Then Daryle is behind a wall with a knife and a handkerchief covering his face and cookies. And then Paper Boy's kinda like, "I don't want you to manage me because you're gonna take advantage of me, but we haven't talked since my mom's funeral." And then it's like four thirty, so they say it's late, so they decide to go smoke weed outside on a couch on a lawn. And then Paper Boy says no because he doesn't think Earl is good enough. But then Earl decides to still go ahead and try to prove the point that he could do the job. So he goes to a radio station and talks to a person that works in there, but that person asks for five hundred dollars to do him a favor of playing Paper Boy on the station. So then he goes and talks to the janitor, and then the janitor lets him in. And then he slides in the disk underneath the door with money to be able to play Paper Boy in the station. And then he goes to— and then while that's happening, Paper Boy apparently goes to Earl's house and asks his parents if it's worth it to have Earl as his manager, and the daughter is there being taken care of by the mom or something. And then it cuts to, I think, Earl has the daughter then. And then—oh wait, no—Earl talks to the person that could get him into the radio station, and there's the shot of Paper Boy talking to his parents. And then it comes back to Earl finally going into the radio station, putting in the disk underneath the door. And then Earl picks up his daughter and takes her on the bus. She has princess headphones, and there's this weird dude eating Nutella and bread on the bus, I don't know why. And he tells him— he tells Earl some inspirational quotes and then forces him to eat bread. But then at the beginning of the story, at the beginning of the episode, there was a dog before the shooting. So then this dude with the Nutella bread gets off the bus after there's a police siren, and as he walks out of the bus, there's the same dog following him. And then in the bus, Paper Boy calls Earl to tell him that his song is on the radio and that he should meet up with them. And then Earl comes in, drops off his daughter somewhere, and then goes and meets Paper Boy in front of a grocery store, I guess. And then they're sitting in the car and they talk about how Paper Boy apparently hates the song "Paper Boy," he's tired of it. And Earl smokes weed, and while they're doing that, Paper Boy tells the girl on the street like, "Hey, this is my song," and the girl's like, "I don't care." But then the guy who was dating the girl—Paper Boy insults her, so that the guy who was with the girl, I guess, kicks his mirror. And that's when Paper Boy gets kind of mad and goes outside and tries to grab the gun, but Earl tells him like, "Hey, don't mess up with the money." And then Paper Boy still goes and chases after the guy, and then Earl looks at the gun—I don't know if he takes it or not—but then they go into a fight, and there's still a shot like at the beginning of the episode, but it doesn't show who was hurt. But then it goes— it cuts to a scene of Earl's girlfriend, or housemate, mother of the daughter, and she's all dressed up coming back from the date, and Earl's mom is there taking care of her daughter. And then she says like, "Earl had an appointment or something, he's busy, so she was taking care of it." So then the mom leaves, and then Earl's girlfriend kind of starts getting ready for the night. And then there's a cut from the—it shoots the news, television, the news, news show, and they're talking about random stuff. And then all of a sudden, breaking news that there was a shooting and Paper Boy and Earl were involved, that there was a shot and somebody was hurt, and they're still looking for the one who shot, so it doesn't really say who was shot. But then the mother of the daughter is all like, "Idiots," and that's how the episode ends. And there was a—I forgot—apparently the same guy. So when they were going to the news, when Earl was trying to put the song at the station, he was talking to the guy who was—he was talking to, asking for a favor. It was a white guy who was telling him a story about him hating Flo Rida, but he also said like "nigga." And then when they were at the supermarket, Earl also ran into him, and he asked him to tell the story again, but in this time he didn't say "nigga" in the story. And I also forgot that after at the pretty beginning of the episode, when after there was a shooting, then it cuts to the scene of the morning when Earl and his date, I guess, are laying in bed. Earl was awake hearing music, and he apparently had this weird dream. But then the girl wakes up and puts her hand on top of his face hurts him or something like a slap, and she's like, "Why are you awake?" And Earl is all like, "I had this weird dream, jam something with jellyfishes, and then there was hands that if you get close to the hands they're gonna drag you down, so you had to swim on top of the hands." And then there was this girl who was telling him that. And then apparently then his girlfriend says like, "How was the girl?" And then Earl is all like, "She was fat." And then the girlfriend was all like, "And why were you making out?" And then Earl was all like, "We weren't making out—wait, no, we were"—like it's kind of a joke. And then when the girlfriend tells him that she is going on a date, Earl holds up his—holds up his daughter and is all like, "Oh, this is a healthy environment," like in a sarcastic tone. And what else details? Oh, when Earl is first offered to smoke weed on the sofa outside on the lawn, he rejects the weed or says no to it because he says he's doing business, so he doesn't wanna interfere with it, I guess. And when Earl went to go visit his parents to ask them to take care of his daughter, his dad doesn't let him go into the house because he thinks that Earl's gonna ask for more money because apparently that's all he does when he visits. And then he complains about the fact that Earl apparently left them a small surprise in the bathroom. And then Earl says like, "Did you break it up with a stick because it was kind of disgusting?" And his mom says that he should eat healthier because it didn't look like he ate healthy, like as if he ate only candy and stuff like that. And then he's constantly wearing a backpack, which I don't know why he's wearing a backpack because he doesn't really carry much or at least open it in some way. And as he's walking through Alfred's house—Alfred, is it Alfred, Paper Boy's house—he runs into other people that are playing the song "Paper Boy" in the street and that are listening to the song, so it shows he's kind of growing famous and stuff. And his friend at the airport—he's working with another friend selling the credit cards—and then the other side there's the grandma. His friend at the airport is the one that tells him that Paper Boy is becoming big, and he shows him his music video for "Paper Boy." And then Earl is all like, "That's my cousin," and the friend jokes that he thinks that it's one of the girls dancing with Paper Boy. But then Earl is all like, "No, the one who's singing 'Paper Boy' is my cousin." And then that's when Earl decides to manage him, but his friend is all like, "Say hi for my part," or something like that. And Earl jokes a lot about being homeless and—well, not being homeless but being in a bad state or situation. Like when he goes to pay, when he grabs the disk of Paper Boy to slide it underneath the door, he puts money inside, but he grabs the money from inside a shoebox inside a shoe, so he clearly has little money hidden somewhere. But he doesn't seem like he has much to own considering he's living—he's not living with his parents, but he's also not living with his girlfriend who asked him for rent too because apparently he's sleeping there. They have a daughter, but they're not really dating; she's dating somebody else or going on dates at least, and that's kinda weird. And what else? Daryle—when he's—when Paper Boy, Paper Boy goes to ask Earl's parents about if Earl is good enough to manage him, Daryle, his friend, is kinda high, he looks at least. And he asks Earl's parents like, Daryle asks Earl's dad if he can measure his tree. And then his dad is super like, "Why would you wanna measure my tree?" But Daryle's all like, "Okay, I just wanna measure," and his dad is all like, "Maybe some other time." So Daryle's like, "That means no," which is kinda funny. And when before Earl knocks on the door to Paper Boy's apartments to ask him to be his manager, there's this scene where Paper Boy's playing Xbox or video games, and Daryle grabs milk and he asks him like, "Is this— is this milk good?" And Paper Boy's all like, "For what?" And Daryle is like, "To drink," and Paper Boy's like, "Nah," so he shouldn't drink it, which I don't know how it connects to the rest of the scene. Maybe it's a comedic situation or something like that. And yeah, I think that's all I remember.