Okay, so the show begins in a parking lot area in front of the convenience store, and the three of the characters are in a car, and someone outside of the car knocks off the side mirror, rear view mirror of the car. And the guy Alfred, who's in the passenger— in the driver seat— gets out really mad and goes after the man who did it and the girl he's with, who are walking away, and he's really mad. And then Earn, who was in the passenger side of the car, comes out, and the guy who was sitting in the back also comes— I forget his name, Darius or something. And so they— Alfred's really mad, and he's like, "You broke this, I need money." And then eventually it comes up that Alfred is the guy from Paper Boy, the rapper, who has a hit song called Paper Boy. And then he makes— then they talk about the money, and then they're saying, "Are you trying to stun us?" And then Darius talks about this dog that he sees, but they're also really high, and so you can see this dog in the parking lot, but it's kind of elusive what it means. Anyways, then the guy that knocks the window offends Alfred even more about his song, "Munching" or something, and so then he pulls out a gun, and Earn's like, "What the heck are you doing? No." So he tries to grab the gun, but— but doesn't work. And the guy that knocked the window shows— lifts up his shirt and shows the gun that he has. And then Alfred is pointing the gun right at the guy, and the show kinda aerial point of view goes— go up, bird's eye view, and you can't really see what happens, but you hear a gunshot, assuming that Alfred shot the guy that knocked his window, rear view window off. And so then the theme song goes on, and it shows parts of Atlanta from a bird's eye view basically, and then it says "Atlanta" across the screen. Then it starts with Earn in a house, and he's listening to rap music, and then this a girl in his bed, presumably his wife or ex-wife or girlfriend, and she is like, "Why are you awake?" And she takes the earphones off of his head. You can still hear the rap music, and he was like, "Oh, I had a weird dream about— he was in a pool, and there were these hands, and some girl in the dream told him to swim away from the hands or else they'll pull you into the water." The girl with him is like, "Okay, that's a weird dream." And then she was like, "Who was this girl?" And then Alfred or Earn's like, "She was fat and uninteresting." And she was like, "Oh, why did you start making out with her?" And he was like, "I didn't say that." And then or something, and then go back and forth banter, and he was like, "I did make out with her." And then he starts to try to kiss the girl, and she was like, "I have weird breath." And then he was like, "It was curry." And then you— she was like, "That's really nasty." But they're just bantering back and forth, and then she's like, "Tell me you love me." And then he was just like— he laughs, and then she stops, and she's like, "Why do you always do that?" And he was like, "Cause you always ask me this, and I'm just like, 'Yeah, of course.'" And then she was like, "Why don't you just say that you love me?" And then he says, "I love you," but then has a weird look on his face, a weird smile, I kinda messed up. And she gets out of the bed, kind of annoyed, and then you can see that they have a daughter in another room who's probably around one year old, maybe younger. She's like, "You have her tonight, and then you need to take care of him." And he's like, "Why?" And she's like, "I have teacher conferences." And then basically comes out that she has a date with some guy, and then Earn's like, "Oh," whispers into his daughter, "I didn't know that I had you." And Earn's mocking that she— the baby was like, "This isn't a good environment for you to grow up." And he's like, "It is a good environment for you to grow up." So basically that is the end of that scene. Okay, then I believe he goes to— I can't really remember where he goes to next. I think he goes to— okay, he goes to his parents' house, and he says, "I need you to pick up Lottie, his daughter, because she has a date." And his dad is at the door, and his dad won't let him in, and he's like, "Why aren't you letting me in?" He's like, "Cause you're gonna ask me for money." He's like, "I'm not gonna ask you for money." And they're like, "Well, the last time you did," or something, "He left the toilet unflushed." And he's like, "How did you know it was me?" The mom's like, "I can see your poop, you only eat cookies and stuff." And he's like, "You went through my poop? That's weird." And then basically the mom, his mom, is like, "Good for his— the wife or the mother of his child, good for her for having a date." And oh wait, I actually forgot a scene that happens before that. So then before this scene, they're at the airport, and he's with this guy, and they're trying to sell something, just standing there, and someone said, "Shut the fuck up," or something. And then he's like, "Wow, that's harsh." And then basically going back and forth, and they're looking at the phone. You learn that the guy Alfred is his cousin, and then they talk about this old lady that is across from them, who's also has the same job as them, but she's doing a better job, and they can't compare to this old lady. And she pretends to grind against this younger guy, who she's being friendly too. So that scene happened basically. And then so then after that scene, then he goes to his parents' house, to which then he says he's looking for Alfred. So then he eventually goes to find Alfred, who is in a room with this other guy Dario or I forget his name. And so I don't know, he asks about milk, he's playing video games. "The milk's fine." You see Earn in the neighborhood, so he knocks on the door. Alfred comes to the door, then he has a gun. He's like— he lets him in. Then the other guy Dario has cookies and a knife inside the house, and he's like, "Nice to meet you." And then they're talking while basically Earn's trying to be, "I can be your manager," and he's like, "You just want money." And then he's like, "Is this Dario guy supposed to be your manager?" Who's not smart. And they're talking about, "You need a Malcolm or MLK," and he's like, "You already have a Malcolm." And then they're like, "He got killed, they got killed." When that happened? And then Dario's like, "What? No, Malcolm wasn't killed, no one's seen his body since his funeral." Earn's like, "That's what happens." And then they go outside, they're smoking, and Earn doesn't wanna smoke because he's like, "I'm on a job." He was like, "You're not gonna be able to do this high." And so basically he's like, "I will." He's like, "You just want my money." He's like, "Well, you don't have sex appeal, you're not white, you don't have family, you need something to sell." And he's like, "I have sex appeal," and he plays that "Munching" song. Basically he's like, "You just want money." So that was really the end of that whole conversation. So then Earn's in a parking lot, this white guy gets out of his car. Earn tells him the story about how he's at this club, at this party that night. He's like, "Oh, I would've known— they obviously know each other if I had known you were in town, I would've invited you to my party." Basically he's like, "This DJ played two Flo Rida songs in a row, and then I went up to him and I was like, 'Really?'" And he says the n-word. And then basically they were just talking, and he's just like, "Wow." And then he immediately says the n-word again, and this white guy says it. And he asks how he wants to get the Paper Boy, Alfred's song, on the radio. And then and then he's like, "Sorry, I can't do that, it's five hundred dollars." He's like, "What? Please, just me." He's like, "You're just like everyone else." And he was like— basically goes the white guy goes into his job at this radio station, and this guy Prince, who's a janitor, walks by, and he's like, "Does that guy ever say the n-word in front of you?" And he was like, "If he did, I'd beat the heck shit out of him," or something. So then he talks, basically he gets in through this guy Prince, he gets into the building, and the white guy's on air and has a CD with money, but I'm not sure, but I think that the white guy thought he was gonna— he was gonna give him the money, but he slides it under the door of someone else, his name is Kyle, and they would always refer to his name as KP, so I don't know if that's the name of the guy. And then later he's on the bus— no, no, later we go to Alfred being at the house of Earn's parents with Loda, the baby, and they talk about how he was like, "Oh, good to see you, aunt and uncle, can I see her, the baby?" He's like, "No, you're high, she'd get high." He's like, "What? That's the smell of my new car smell from the seats." She's like, "Yeah, right." And then they're basically talking, and he was like, "Yeah, Earn has to be your manager." And he was like, "I don't know, I have some qualms about hiring him." And he's like, "And the dad's like, 'Yeah, sure, that's valid.'" But then so then we cut to Earn being on the bus with his baby, and she's listening to music, she has her own headphones in, and he has his own headphones in. They're listening to rap music, and then she— the baby's asleep. And then this guy in a suit, a large black man, and I feel like he's not real but he is, comes asks Earn something, and then he comes sits next to Earn, and Earn's like, "Do you just feel like you're always gonna be losing, and sometimes you're just there in the world so the winners can feel like even more winners?" And then the guy, I'm not sure exactly what he says to him, but he's making a sandwich with Nutella, and he's like putting it on with a knife, and then he is like, "You should have a slice of it, a bite of this." And Earn's like, "Nah, I'm good." And he was like, "Eat the damn sandwich," or the fucking sandwich, holds it to his face, really aggravatingly. And at that moment a police cop sign goes by, and the car, the bus is slowing down to a stop, and the second the bus stops, boom, the guy is off the bus. The— the guy, we don't know his name, we don't even see him leave the bus, we just see he's off. And then we can see him walk into the woods with that dog that earlier we saw at the very beginning in that parking lot area. And so it seemed kinda elusive, not real. And then Earn is texting his the mother of his child, like, "I love you, can we talk later?" But it's unclear if he actually sends the message, because when he's on that typing, he gets a call from Alfred, and he's like, "Listen to this, it's the song and on the radio," provided that it was because of Earn who paid the DJ to play the song. So presumably Earn drops his daughter off at home. Yeah, and so or I guess so then we're back to where this the show started in the parking lot, and they're talking, and they're smoking, and Earn agrees to smoke. And I guess well before that, when he was on the bus, he was like, "Does this mean I'm the your manager?" And he was like— he's like, "Just calm down, get over here." And then just smoking, and they're talking, and Earn says this thing to this— Alfred says this thing to this girl who was walking by, catcalls her, and she was like, "Don't do that." Basically. And then he was just like, "Right, whatever, f that." And then this man knocks off the— the rear side window, rear view window, we saw in the beginning. And then that's when he hops out of the car, and Earn's like, "No, no, don't do that." And then the glove compartment of the car opens, and you see a gun. And yeah, that is kind of what happens, and they get out of the car.