Okay, so in the beginning it is Alfred and Earnest—is that his name? I think it was. And maybe Charlie or Demetrius, maybe, I don't know. But they're all in the car, and you see a flash, and the rear-view mirror is punched off the car. And Alfred, who is Earnest's cousin, is in the driver's seat, and he gets out, and he's yelling at the guy who did it. And then Earnest and the other guy get out of the car too, and Alfred's getting pretty mad, and he's yelling at this guy who is with this girl. And Alfred is saying, "Oh, you need to pay for my window or whatever." And then the girl at one point says, "You don't need any money, you're Paper Boy or whatever." And then the other guy says, "Oh, your music sucks or something." And then the fighting is getting more heated. And then eventually Alfred pulls out his gun, and the guy they're fighting pulls out his gun, and then Earnest pulls out his gun. And you kind of see them all three pointing the guns at each other. And then their other friend, who I'm gonna call Charlie, he's looking at the router—he sees this dog that kinda looks like a German Shepherd, kinda looks like a police dog. And he's like, "Wait," and he kinda seems like he's maybe on drugs or something or having some kinda episode of some kind. And he says that he feels like he has deja vu. And then all of a sudden you see this, and Earnest is also kinda feeling like he recognizes what's going on. And then there's a flash of blue light, and you hear a shot, a gun shot, and you don't know who it is. And you know the screen kind of flashes, and then it changes to another scene. And Earnest is waking up in bed with, I guess maybe, his girlfriendish, and he is listening to music on his headphones. And she leans over and is like, "Why are you awake or something?" And he was talking about this dream he had, and he's saying he was swimming, and he was swimming in sea weed, and it started trying to pull him down cause it became hands. And then his girlfriend whatever she has, she was like, "Oh, you're telling the story about you start making out with this other girl." And he was like, "I didn't say that." And she's like, "Did you?" And he said, "Yeah." And she was like, "What did she look like or something?" And he was like, "Oh, unattractive or something, uninteresting." And then he leans in to kiss her, and she says like, "No, that's gross, I have morning breath." And he was like, "Oh, what is that, curry whatever." And then she was like, "You're so gross." And then they were kissing for a second, and she was like, "Tell me you love me." And he just kinda laughed, and she was like, "Why did you laugh?" And he's like, "Cause you always ask me if I love you or whatever, and I always do, and you must know." And then she was like, "Well, why didn't you just say it?" And then she gets kinda mad and gets up and gets out of the bed. And then he kinda follows her, and we see her in the bathroom taking off this wrap on her hair. And then Earn just walks into this other bedroom where their daughter, who's a toddler, is standing. And he picks her up, he's talking to her. And then his girlfriend in the other room is like, "Oh, you know you have her tonight cause I have parent-teacher conferences and won't be back till eleven." And he was like, "Oh, why is it gonna take that long?" And she said that she had a date after. And then he was talking about how it's probably doing some kind of damage to their daughter that their that her parents are living together but are seeing other people. And then we see Earnest at work, and he has this friend, and his name's Swiff or Swift. And they're standing there talking, they're at an airport. And then they're in these blue uniforms, and they are talking about how they're not good at what they do, they can't sell, it's something that a credit card business or something. And there's just this older woman across the way who apparently is better at it cause she pretends to be a grandmotherly figure, and she kind of makes rude gestures towards this customer that she gets to sign while making eye contact with Earnest and his friend. And then as they're standing there, Swift is like, "Oh, have you heard about the new Paper Boy thing or something?" And he's showing him the video, and Earnest is like, "Oh, that's my cousin." And he thought the his friend thought that he was talking about a girl, and he's like, "No, the rapper." And then his friend is like, "Well, you need to get on that deal cause he's about to get signed and make a lotta money." And then pretty soon after he says that, Earnest is like, "Okay, I'm gonna go." And his friend was like, "Okay, try and tell him I say hi or something." And so then Earnest goes home to his parents' house, and he knocks on the door, and his dad won't let him in. And he's like, "Why?" And you can see both of his parents, and his dad's like, "Cause you're just here asking for money." And he's like, "No, I'm not, I haven't been here in so long." And they were like, "Well, you went to the bathroom here the other day or something like that." And then he's talking to them, and he is asking if they can pick up his daughter from school, from daycare. And then his dad says Alfred tells him where his cousin is even though he hadn't asked him. And he walks over there, and he always has this bag pack on. And then he gets to his cousin's house, and we see his cousin inside the house first with his friend, and he's sitting there watching TV, and his friend is in an apron making cookies. And then they hear the knock at the door, and Alfred goes to open it, and he sticks his gun through the locked door. And then he sees that it's his cousin and lets him in. And then he's there walking in, you can see his friend who's standing behind the doorway with a knife. And then when Alfred introduces his cousin, Charlie puts down the knife, and he's like, "Oh, you want a cookie?" So then they were sitting together. And then Earnest is proposing this whole story about like, "I think I should be your manager, I know how to make this successful or whatever, you need me or something like that." And then they're discussing it back and forth. And then Charlie says, "Oh no, it's four thirty, we're late." So they go outside, and they're sitting on this this couch on the ground outside. They're smoking weed except Earnest isn't, and they ask him if he they want if he wants to, and he says no like, "I'm trying to do a deal." And then he and Alfred are kinda are doing a little bit. And then Alfred stands up, and he's like, "I haven't seen you since my mom's funeral," like something about you're we're not family or anything like that. And then he leaves. And then we see Earnest go to this parking lot where he's meeting up with his friend, and his name is Dave, who he had used to work with or something. And he's asking him like, "Oh, can you get my cousin on the radio?" And Dave is acting really superior and trying to make it seem like he's such a big deal now and that he can't help. And he's like, "Oh, you could give me five hundred dollars, and I could give it to this guy KP, and then we'll see if it made it." And then he's talking about the story, and he's saying something like he says the n-word, and that upsets Earnest. And then Earnest is annoyed with Dave, and Dave walks in the building. And then he starts talking to this janitor who's pushing the trash can, and his name is Dave—I think Prince, his name's Prince. And they introduce themselves, and he's like, "Hey, you know how to get in the building?" And he's like, "Yeah." And he says, "Has that guy ever used the n-word around you?" And he's like, "No, I would beat him up or something." And he was like, "Okay, sweet or something like that." And then we see a Alfred—no, we see yeah, Alfred going over to his aunt and uncle's house, which is Earnest's parents. And he's talking to them, and he had first wants to hold his niece who's Earnest's daughter, and the mom's like, "No, she'll get sick and second-hand high or something like that." And then he is asking Earnest's dad if he thinks that he should trust Earnest to be his manager. And his dad's kinda no, but he can work hard when he puts his mind to something, he really goes for it. And then we see Earnest go like Prince lets him into the building, and he goes in, and he passes Dave who is in a recording booth, and he kinda just waves at him. And Dave looks really confused that he's in there. And then he slides this CD with a bunch of money into this guy KP's door, and then he walks out. And then we see Earnest on a train—no, on a bus with his daughter. And he is sitting there, and they both have earphone—no, headphones on. And then this guy moves to sit next to him, and he is putting Nutella on bread. And so then Earnest takes off his headphones, and the guy's like, "You look like you're really thinking about something, tell me what's going on." And Earnest is kinda weirded out, and this guy's talking about some kinda wisdom stuff. And then he offers Earnest a bite of the sandwich, and Earnest is kinda like, "Oh, no, that's weird." And the guy gets super aggressive and eat the sandwich. And then all of a sudden we see there's a flash, and this guy's outside of the car—outside of the bus, and he's standing next to the dog that had been there in the beginning that Charlie had seen. And inside the bus and you kinda saw the flash of police lights. And then inside the bus Earnest is looking at him, and he's confused and kinda remembering things, and the sandwich is still next to him. And then while he's sitting there he gets a call from Alfred who's like, "Listen to this, my song's on the radio. Come over, come hang with us, you should be my manager or something." And so then we see Earnest walking over to their car, and it's parked in the same way that it was in the beginning scene in front of the gas station. And so then as they're in the car they're discussing that he's gonna be the manager. And then Dave walks over and knocks on the window, and he's like, "Oh, I like your stuff," to Earnest's cousin. And then he's like, "How did you?" asking Earnest like, "How did you get in?" And he was like, "I guess you just have to know people or whatever." And then Earnest gets Dave to tell the story that he had told him earlier, except this time Dave didn't use the n-word. And then he just kinda walks away. And then Alfred asks Earnest if he wants to get high, and so then they do. And then as they're sitting there some girl walks by, and Alfred kinda leans out and calls her name. And then a second later we see someone kick off the mirror in the—it's the same scene that had happened in the beginning. And so then when Alfred reaches for the gun in his glove compartment, Earnest kinda remembers what had happened, and he was like, "No, don't do that." So then they get out of the car, and they're having the same interaction with these people. And then it's just Earnest that has a gun on this other guy. And then at the end we see this they're still the same shot that goes off and flash light. We don't know who has been shot or who actually shot the gun. And then at the end we see Earnest's girlfriend or whatever walking into her house, and Earnest's mom is walking out. She's kinda intoxicated, and she's like, "I drank the rest of your wine or something or you're out of wine." And she's like, "Oh, the whole bottle." And she's shocked, and her daughter was asleep. And so then she's kinda taking off her shoes, and the TV's on, and it's playing the news. And then the news report starts talking about this shooting in front of the gas station, and it says that two of the suspects are Alfred and Earnest, and that there's one that remains that hasn't been found yet, and that someone is injured. And as soon as they say Earnest's name, his girlfriend looks at the screen and is looking. And then at the end she's just like, "Idiots." And then that's how it ends.