So the episode starts out with this scene at the end of a nightclub, or the end of the episode out of chronological order, but it starts out with Paper Boy and Earn confronting the two men, one of whom kicked the mirror off of Paper Boy's car. And it keeps flashing—the scene keeps flashing to the dog who is, I believe, the dog owned by the man on the train, but we don't know that at the time. So the scene keeps flashing back and forth between the dog and the men yelling at each other. And the scene after it fades black, you hear a gunshot, presumably Paper Boy or Earn has shot one of the men, or the man that kicked off the mirror. At that point of the episode, after the confrontation, it cuts to the opening credits, or the opening theme song, which pans over different parts of the city of Atlanta. It was sort of a hip hop, a hip hop themed, or a hip hop sort of influenced theme song. And after that's over, this episode starts, and now it's back in chronological—this scene, the rest of the episode happens before the scene before the credits. And it starts out with Earn, who's in bed next to his either girlfriend or baby mama, or whatever the term would be, but he's in bed. He's listening to music on his headphones, and his girlfriend, or wakes up, and she's, or the wife or the mother of his baby, I guess, wakes up and sees that Earn's listening to music. She's surprised. She asks him why he's awake. He tells her that he had a weird dream. And then she asks what it's about. He said, "There's kinda some weird seaweed stuff going on, and there was this fat lady in the dream," or there's this lady in the dream, excuse me. He doesn't reveal that she's fat yet. And then after that, afterwards, she asks what the lady was like, so she seems sort of feels threatened by this lady. And Earn says, "She was fat, and not to be worried about." But then his girlfriend keeps questioning him and reveals that yeah, in the dream he was actually making out with this lady, to which his wife, or excuse me, to which his girlfriend seems a little off put by. But then they start making out, so it seems all good. Then Earn gets up. He goes into the other room where it's revealed that he has a daughter. So then he goes and picks up his daughter. He talks to her. He asks his wife, his girlfriend, when she's gonna be home that night. She reveals that she was planning on going on a date, and but she, she won't be home until eleven. So at this point, we kinda can glean that their relationship isn't maybe going super well, that the wife or the mother of his child is sort of seeing other men. And Earn sort of snidely remarks to his baby that, "Wow, isn't this the best, the best possible home that you could grow up in?" So the next scene shows Earn at work, so presumably he has a job working at the airport, is what it looks like, where he's trying to sell a special kind of credit card to customers going by. And with this card, they can win a free trip to wherever they want in the world, but he's not very successful at selling these cards. He asks one guy if he wants to buy one, to which the guy replies, "Fuck off." So he and his partner are a lot less successful in selling, at selling these cards, than another lady in the who's doing the same job, who's getting, who gets a man to buy a card from her, presumably because he wants to go to the Caribbean. And afterwards, or as he's signing up, she sort of pretends to have sex with him, just sort of shove it in Earn's face how much better she is at at doing, at selling the cards. And after that scene, they cut away from her. Earn's talking to his coworker, and as they talk, the coworker asks him about the song Paper Boy, which is apparently very hot in the streets at the moment in Atlanta. Earn hasn't really heard of this song, so his friend brings up, his coworker brings up on his phone, shows him the video. And Earn realizes to his bewilderment that one of the guys in the song, who's the popular rapper Paper Boy, is actually his cousin, his cousin Alfred. And his coworker makes a joke about Earn actually not knowing, actually about Alfred not actually being Earn's cousin, and about one of the hot girls in the song being Earn's cousin. But before long, Earn has left to immediately go to his cousin Paper Boy's house, cause apparently he has the idea that he wants to be Paper Boy's manager, even though his coworker tells him that no, he's looking for a hotshot manager, he's worth millions of dollars, he's not gonna want you. But Earn doesn't listen to him. He goes anyways to try to manage his cousin. The next scene, it cuts over to his cousin's house. Paper Boy, who's playing video games in his living room, he's sort of listening to trap music, sort of sitting on the couch playing a game. Earn, well before that actually, Earn, before before Earn goes to Paper Boy's, he goes to his parents' house. And his parents seem very skeptical that he's coming. They tell him, "Hey, you know, you only really ever come around to ask for money. What're you up to?" But Earn insists no, he's not here asking for money. He actually just wants to know where his cousin Alfred is, and he wants to tell his parents that he's not gonna be able to take care of his daughter that day because he's going to try to become Alfred's, Alfred's music manager. His parents sort of, they're very skeptical. They tell him, "Hey, you know, you don't, you don't. Why are you here?" Earn tells them, Earn tells them he doesn't really come around much, to which his parents retort, "No, you actually, you know, used our toilet yesterday, and we chopped up your poop, and we were able to figure out how unhealthy you were eating." So they kind of, there's a little rapport back and forth between them, to which Earn is sort of portrayed as, you know, being a smart guy, but one who is sort of prone to failure in his life, and one who is relying on his parents too much. So after that scene, Earn goes walking through the streets to the house his cousin Alfred is staying in, where Alfred is playing the video games. He knocks on the door, trying to talk to Alfred about being his manager. And Darius and Alfred cracks open the door, shoves the barrel of a gun in Earn's face. When he recognizes who it is, he leads Earn in, and his friend Darius is sitting there with a knife, but once he realizes Earn is family of Alfred, he offers him a cookie. So they all sort of sit down and talk for a little bit. Earn talks about wanting to be Darius's, or Earn talks about wanting to be Alfred's manager. But Alfred's a little skeptical of this. He doesn't think Earn really knows the streets well enough to be able to manage, manage him. And they're talking for a bit, and they realize it's four thirty, and four twenty has passed to. They quickly go outside and sit on a couch where they start to smoke weed and keep talking about Earn's plans to possibly manage Alfred, but Alfred is still not entirely sold. After they have this discussion, Darius makes, Darius is pretty high, he makes a bunch of funny remarks. It's a good scene. After they're done sitting on the couch, the next scene Earn goes to the radio station to try to talk to the DJs about possibly playing Paper Boy on the radio, cause he thinks that if he can get Paper Boy air play, it'll be more likely to potentially become Paper Boy's manager and have a successful venture there in promoting his career. So he's somehow, I wasn't entirely sure about how this works, but they mention very briefly that Earn had gone to Princeton, and that he possibly had some connection with the radio station in the past, so he'd worked with music before. And he talks to one of the radio DJs, or one of the guys that works the radio. He sees him in the parking lot, and he starts chatting him up. They talk about how, "Oh man, they needed Earn to DJ the other night because the DJ was playing Flo Rida, and he played two Flo Rida songs in a row, and it was ridiculous." And the white, the white DJ who, or the white guy who works at the radio, seemed to think this was ludicrous. They played a few Flo Rida songs in a row. And afterwards, went to Earn, and he said, he tells Earn that he told the DJ that, "You know what," and his quote was, he told the, he took the DJ aside, and he said, "Really," and then he used the n-word, the white guy to the DJ, when asking him about why he had, why he had played two Flo Rida songs in a row. And Earn is so taken aback by this that this white DJ used the n-word in front of him. But he sort of keeps the conversation going, and asked him if he can play Paper Boy on the radio. The white DJ seems a little skeptical of this. He says, "Hey, you know, we can't really KP," whoever that is, maybe the DJ. But the white guy who works for the radio says, "You know, I don't know if I can do that." But Earn sorta keeps pressuring him to, and he says, "Fine, you know, maybe if I get five hundred dollars, we could potentially get the radio on, or we can sneak it past him, we can get the song on the air." Earn tells him, "You know, I don't have five hundred dollars. That's crazy. You know, I make five hundred some dollars. I'm not able to just shell out four hundred, five hundred dollars to get a single song played on the radio." So they each go their separate ways. But as they're going their separate ways, Earn runs into a janitor, a groundskeeper for the radio station. And he asks the guy, "Hey, do you know the white guy who works for the radio over there?" The guy says yeah, he does. Earn asks him if he uses the n-word around him. The guy says no, "You know, he'd beat him up if he did." So Earn sort of confirms his suspicion that maybe other people view him as a soft black guy that they can use the n-word around and push around without repercussions. So after, so he sort of confirms the suspicion, and he realizes the white guy doesn't use the n-word around the other black janitor. So meanwhile, meanwhile, Paper Boy is, or no, let's see the next scene. Next Earn goes, or so Paper Boy and Darius roll up in their car to Earn's parents' house. And as they come up, Earn's parents are seen taking care of Earn's kid, Earn's daughter. Paper Boy and Darius start talking to them for a bit. Paper Boy asks to see Earn's daughter, but Earn's parents sort of don't seem super approving of Paper Boy. They sorta say, "No, you know, you're smoking too much. We don't, you can say hi from here." Darius makes a comment. He asks if he can measure Earn's parents' tree, but they say no, maybe no, not at this time, to which Darius says, "You know, that basically means no." So that was sort of a little funny tangent. But essentially, they start talking about Earn. He says, "Yeah, Earn wants to be my manager. It's kinda suspicious." And Earn's parents say, "You know, well, once he sets his mind to something, he usually ends up doing it. You know, he's kind of a funky guy." And then after that scene, they sort of cut to Earn, who pulls out a box of Jordans that has a lot of money in it. And he takes five hundred dollars. He has the janitor get him into the radio station, and he goes and he gives the five hundred bucks and the CD to the white guy who works at the radio station, who's able to get the song Paper Boy on the air. So this should be Earn's big break, big breakthrough with Paper Boy, now that they're finally able to get it played on an Atlanta radio station. So that's certainly a big deal. So after, after Earn does that, he goes to pick up his daughter, and he starts taking the public transit bus home. And he and his daughter are both wearing headphones. He's sitting on the bus, and Earn seems deep in thought, to the point where the guy who's sitting across from him, who's sort of this suspicious guy with a dog, asks him what's up. Earn sort of, sort of noncommittal. The guy comes and sits next to him. Earn finally reveals that, "Hey, you know, are there some people in life that're just destined to keep losing at things, so the winners feel better about themselves? Or are there some people in life like Earn who are just there to exist and not really succeed at anything?" And the man sort of like goes off on some rumbly tangent on how Earn just needs to follow the winds, maybe like end his life, or I'm not sure what he was saying. That that part was a little confusing to me. But Earn says no, "You know, I don't really wanna be that." And then the man makes a sandwich with Nutella or something, and asks Earn to take a bite of it. Earn doesn't want to do that. So the man gets off the bus, and you see the dog with him as he gets off the bus, who's waiting outside. And this is the same dog that's, we realize is seen in the opening scene when the man gets shot in front of the nightclub. So that's a little ominous. Anyways though, the creepy man with his sandwich and the dog leave the bus. Earn puts on his headphones and realizes, or no, Earn is texting his, Earn starts to text his girlfriend and ask if wants to talk tonight. But as he's texting her, he's interrupted with a phone call from Paper Boy, Alfred, his cousin, who tells him that, "Oh my gosh, they're playing my song Paper Boy on the radio. You need to come over here." So Earn goes to hang out with his cousin and Darius, and they're gonna celebrate that Paper Boy's playing on the radio. And as they're sitting in their car, the outside the nightclub, the white guy that works at the radio station comes up to them. And they're happy, they're all very happy. Earn talks to the white guy and says, and introduces Paper Boy and Darius to him, and says, "Oh my gosh, this guy has a good taste in music. You know, he's playing your stuff on the radio. He likes your stuff, Paper Boy." And he, Earn sort of tests the white guy and to put him in his place, tells him to tell the Flo Rida story in which he said the n-word to the, to the Paper Boy and Darius again. But it's obvious the white guy doesn't wanna tell the story, and he sort of tells a pseudo version of it in which he leaves out the part where he says the n-word. And then Earn sort of gives him a stern look and a knowing look, and the guy sort of sheepishly walks away. So they tell him off. So at this point, they're still sitting in their car, celebrating, sort of living it up, that Paper Boy was finally played on the radio. And at that point, as they're in their car, this lady walks by. And I forget the exact exchange of words, but Paper Boy basically catcalls her, shouts something out to her. She yells back at him. And at the time, you don't really think much of it. Paper Boy, Darius, and Earn are still sort of sitting in the car talking. But a few minutes later, a few moments later rather, this one guy comes by the car and kicks off Earn's mirror, and he seems pissed, or kicks off the mirror of Paper Boy's car. And so Paper Boy is pissed off. He goes out of the car. Earn goes out of the car to potentially confront these guys. And Earn and Paper Boy bring a gun, so they go and confront these guys. And then the screen fades, goes to black. At this point, you can infer the confusing scene from the beginning of the episode was actually sort of a flash forward, or a sign of things to come shown out of order. And you can sort of put the pieces together and tell that there was this confrontation where the guy who kicked Paper Boy's mirror off and sort of pissed them off, and Paper Boy retaliated by shooting the man, is what we can infer. So Paper Boy and Earn are kind of the two suspects in the killing of this man, that in the altercation that happened outside the nightclub where he kicked off the mirror. So that's not good. And the next scene, the final scene of the episode, goes back to Earn's home, where his, the mother of his baby, is there, sort of absentmindedly watching the news. They're talking about a number of things on the news until finally they talk about there was a shooting outside of a nightclub. And then they reveal that one man is dead, or either dead or injured, and the two suspects of the shooting had been arrested, but they're still looking for the weapon. And they show the suspect are Alfred Miles, I believe is Paper Boy's name, and Earn. So and Earn's his baby's mother, or his baby mama, is just standing there in disbelief, sort of watching. And after she sort of digests the information that the father of her child and his cousin had been arrested for shooting, in a shooting, for shooting somebody, she sorta mutters the word "idiots" in her breath. And after that, the episode ends, the screen goes to black, and that's the end of the first episode.