Okay so in the next episode, there's a lot of like unresolved things, especially with the shooting. So maybe like we're gonna see paper boy and earnest possibly in jail because they're suspects. They'll probably need to be interrogated. This whole situation might even proceed to court, depending on how things go. And there's also like the unresolved relationship with his wife. He obviously wanted to apologize to her and tell her, or earnest wanted to apologize to her and tell her he loved her, but she he wasn't able to because of the call with Albert and how busy he was, and now the fact that he's in jail probably. And so they're probably gonna have to talk that out, and she'd probably very upset with the fact that like he could go to jail and their daughter might not have a father. And his parents are probably gonna be very disappointed in him cause it's one thing to be homeless but it's an entirely different thing to be convicted of murder. And possibly more background on earnest's past, how he got or how he was unable to finish his education at Princeton. And yeah a lot of progression on the front of like what's gonna happen to paper boy's career as well as earnest. And then I predict probably a scene where like his wife goes to, whether he's like being held in like a local prison cell kind of thing, or the police station. I could see her like heading over to like talk some sense into him and figure out what's going on and ask what happened. Earnest is like a pretty secretive person though. Like he didn't tell anyone about the Princeton thing, he didn't tell anyone about the fact that he's gonna try to go and get, try to get paper boy's song on the radio, and that he was spending his own money to do that. He kinda like keeps all this stuff to himself. Like his father didn't even know that. So like it's possible that he won't really explain the situation to his wife or his parents or anything. And less likely, since paper boy's the one who committed the crime, earnest should be free to go, but that may not be the case because well there were a lot of witnesses. So it'll be interesting to see how that all plays out. And even if earnest isn't sentenced to prison for anything, then he still has to rebuild his career cause he just lost the little bit of money he had by trying to get paper boy's song on the radio. And he's already like living paycheck to paycheck.