So the episode began with what we later found out was the ending of the episode. So you see Paper Boy and the main character, whose name I forget, but he was Paper Boy's cousin, and he's the main focus of the plot, in the parking lot. And there's— and there's also the man who we don't know yet who has the confetti shirt on, and they're having an argument. And then you see this wolf; they pan to the wolf, who I assume it's some sort of symbol or something. And then a shot rings out, and then scene cuts to music playing. I think it was kinda rappish music playing. And then you cut to the scene of the main character, and I still can't remember his name at the moment, and he has the headphones on playing the same song. And he's in bed with presumably his ex-wife; I think her name was Van, and she has a head wrap on. And she kinda wakes up, and she's like, "Oh, you're awake," to this guy. And then they kind of have some playful banter and make out and such. And then the woman, Van, she goes to the bathroom to take her head wrap off, and the man goes and he meets with a baby and picks up the baby. And Van asks him, "Did you remember that you're taking care of the baby for tonight?" And it's clear that he forgot, and she explains why too; she has parent-teacher conferences, and she's also going on a date, which the main character guy's not that happy about. And then the scene cuts to the main character guy, and he's at work selling airline credit cards with a work friend, and they're chatting. And the work friend asks the main character, "What you're, have you been listening to music lately and stuff, and have you heard about Paper Boy?" And he's like—the main character guy's like, "Oh, I haven't really been involved in the music community recently." But anyway, his friend shows him the video of Paper Boy, and the main character goes, "That's my cousin." And the friend thinks he's referring to the woman in the video and makes some comments about her. But then the main character is like, "That's actually— that's the main character's— sorry," says no, he's referring to Paper Boy. And then the friend is like, "What? Can you get me to meet him?" And not exactly that, but he is like excited by that fact. And also in that scene, there is the older woman who's having a lot more success at selling— selling the credit cards, and she kinda makes a joke out of it and sort of fake grinds, I guess, on the on the man she just— she just sold a card to. And then the scene cuts to I believe the main character going to his father's house, and he asks about— he asks about where his cousin is, Paper Boy; I think his real name's Alfred. And basically and the the dad tells him, but there's also a discussion there about the guy; the parents don't wanna even let him in, and they're kind of little like, "Get your life together." And I guess the main character left a poop in the toilet last time, that his mom talks about. And anyways, there's that scene. And then it cuts to the main character going to Paper Boy's house. And Paper Boy— first it shows the scene of Paper Boy at the at his house, and he's like playing a video game, and his friend slash person who helps him with the music, I think his name was Darius, he's making cookies. And anyways, then it's showing the main character coming to the house, and the Paper Boy greets him at the door, opens the door with the gun, and around the corner is Darius with a knife and his plate of cookies. And anyway, he lets the main character in, and they sit on the couch, and the main character tells Paper Boy that he wants him to be his manager. And Paper Boy's like, "What?" He's not kinda convinced of this yet and doesn't jump on the train right away. And the discussion shifts to them outside, and the main character's kinda pleading with Paper Boy, and he makes the idea that, you know, this can help me support my family and help you support our family, your family, and Darius too. And I think Darius says something; I don't— anyway. And then they so they do that, and Paper Boy's still not convinced. Oh, and he mentions that the last time he ever saw the main character's cousin was at his mother's funeral, so it seems like he's just coming at him for the money, and he's not really interested in Paper Boy's interest. He doesn't say these exact words, but that's kinda what comes out, what's inferred. And then the main character is still trying to convince him, and he talks about his connections at the radio station; I think it starts with a K. And anyway, but the main character leaves. And then it cuts to the main character at a at the radio station, and he sees his friend from assuming when he used to work there when or maybe it's a friend from college. And the friend's like— and a friend's white, and he's like, "I didn't know." And he's carrying coffees, presumably for his boss, and he asks the main character, "Oh, I didn't know you were in town; I would've invited you to this party last night." And he talks about the party and how the DJ was terrible; like the this other guy, the main character would've been great, but this guy was bad, and he played two Flo Rida songs. And the white guy describes how he went up to the DJ and was berating him and used the— maybe that's a bit of a strong word, but criticizing him, and he used the N-word. And the main character's a little taken aback by this, but anyway, he continues on with asking the the white friend who works at the radio station if he can play Paper Boy's song over the radio. And the white guy says, "If you like it, would cost you money; five hundred bucks to do it for me to do that." And the and they're like slowly like, while this conversation's going on, they're walking in towards the building, and the main character is like, "What?" And then he asks him, asks the white friend like, "What are you getting from this?" And he says, "Oh, nothing; it's just business." And obviously that seems a little bit fishy, which the main character thinks. And the main character's also telling this guy like he doesn't have five hundred dollars, and the rent's due pretty soon. So anyway, that they kind of the white guy just walks in. And then on the main character talks to the janitor who's there, whose name is Prince. And he asks the janitor if this white guy, who was his friendish acquaintance, if he ever if he had ever called him the N-word. And the man is like, "No; if he did, I would've hurt him," essentially. And then he they kind of they then the main character asks him when the when he works and if he's here at night. And they it's not shown, but they devise a plan for the janitor to let the main character in later. Anyway, then the scene cuts to the main character taking five hundred dollars; I think it's out of a pair of shoes or something. And then it shows him at the radio station giving the giving this like putting the CD; he waves the CD at the his white acquaintance who's in the radio station, and he's like taken aback by him being there. And then he puts it underneath his boss's door, boss's door. And then the scene cuts to the main character riding home on the bus with his daughter, and she's wearing very cute headphones, and they're both listening to music on their headphones. And anyway, and then this man comes up, and while riding the bus, this man who's sitting across comes and sits next to the main character. And he so the main character takes his headphones down, and then they have like a discussion about life. And one of the two says something about how they're always feeling like a log, just like drifting on the stream, and they're you know always the loser, never the winner, something along those lines. And all the while this conversation's going on, the stranger is making a Nutella sandwich. And then he tells the main character to bite into the bite into the Nutella sandwich. And the main character kind of gives like tells the guy, "No, I'm all good." And then he repeats like asking him, telling him to do it. And then all of a sudden, the man gets off the bus like really quick, like almost like super naturally. And he sees the main character sees the guy like walking into the woods with the wolf, who we see later in the episode, coming behind him. And then the next and then you see the main character get a call on his phone from Paper Boy, who's like telling kinda basically he hears his song on the radio, and he's like, "Listen to this." And then he, "Can you hear it?" And then he turns it up on his car radio, and Paper Boy does. And then he invites paper invites the main character to come over to the main character to come over to wherever Paper Boy is; it's like some sort of diner, gas station kind of situation. And so the main character agrees. And it's not shown, but presumably he asks his he dropped his daughter's not there anymore when he arrived. And that's the next scene, and they're talking in the car. Paper Boy and Darius is in the backseat, and also in the passenger seat is the main character, and they are chatting. And kind of it seems like Paper Boy's wearing up to the idea of the main character being his manager. And then the white acquaintance of the main character walks up, and the main character whirls down his window, and the main character's like, "Oh, I'm not— my boss isn't really happy about what happened with the song." And then the main character's like, "Well, the song's playing on the radio, so he must not be that upset." And then the main character asks the white acquaintance to tell his story about that party with but DJ. And but when the white character white acquaintance tells the story, he leaves out using the N-word when he's telling it to not just the main character but these three black men, which which is surprises the or maybe it doesn't surprise, but the main character's trying to get the guy to say the N-word or to see if he would say it again. And anyway, so that ends. And the man who in the confetti shirt walks by, and he a little bit after, and he kicks off the car mirror. And then so he kicks off the car mirror. And then they Paper Boy gets upset, and he's like, "What are you doing?" And he jumps out of the car, and as he's doing it, he opens the glove compartment for the main character, and there's a gun there. And then we see them both get out of the car, and it comes again to the end scene that that we saw at the very beginning happening. And there's also a woman there as well as the man in confetti shirt and those two guys. And then it pans to Van coming home, and there's the and the main character's mother is there, and she's been had a TV on, and she was caring for the kid for the baby. And and then as Van's you know walking in, getting her stuff up, she hears on the TV that that there's been shots fired in the district they live in, and she's alerted. And then she sees the main character and Paper Boy pop up as the two suspects for the murder. And then the scene cuts there.