At the beginning of the episode, Earnest, Alfred—they also call Paper Boy, I think—and Darius are all in a car. They all get out of the car, I think probably next to a strip mall, and it's at night. They get in this altercation with another man and his girlfriend, I assume, about a damaged side mirror, and that the man and his girlfriend kicked down, I guess. Earnest tries to stop the altercation with the two men, and Alfred, or they all end up kind of pulling guns on each other. Alfred ends up shooting, shooting the man who kicked the mirror off of his car. And then that was the beginning of the episode. And then the scene changes, and you see Earnest listening to music, laying down in bed. I would guess his—I wanna say his girlfriend, but the person he has a child with—wakes up. Earnest starts telling her about a dream he had about some girl. And then they both eventually get out of bed, and Earnest goes and and checks on their daughter. And then they discuss that for that night, who has the child, and the mom has a date, some sort of date. And then Earnest is ended up having to care for the baby because the mom has a date and also has to go to a parent-teacher conference, I think. And then the scene changes again, and it goes to Earnest's—Earnest's job at the airport. He's selling, he's selling a credit card for a certain airline with his friend. They are doing well—they aren't getting any customers. And the lady across them from them, who's also working as the—who's doing the same type of work—is getting a lot of clients and customers to sign up for this credit card. During this, Earnest and Earnest's friend are talking, and his friend shows him a video of his cousin Alfred, one of his music videos. Earnest mentions that it's his—that it's his cousin—but then his friend doesn't really believe him. And then Earnest comes up kind of with an idea, but you don't really know, and he tells his friend he has to leave. And so he immediately leaves the store. And then I think the next scene is Earnest goes to—goes to his parents' house. They kind of say hi, but then also wanna brush him off too at the same time. And because they assume that Earnest is asking for money, but and they kind of start complaining about him and how he's not—how he's messy and doesn't have enough money. Earnest also asks him to take the child, and the dad eventually tells Earnest where Alfred is. And I think he said in his apartment, maybe. And then the scene flips again, and it shows Alfred sitting in front of a TV in his apartment with Darius too, his friend. And you hear a door knock, and Alfred is seen opening the door kind of with a gun pointed outside to whoever's entering, which is Earnest. And Earnest is let in. And then they walk into the house, and Darius is standing there with a plate of cookies and a knife waiting for anybody who's coming in. He immediately puts it down right when he sees that it's Earnest and offers Earnest the cookie. And then they sit down, and Earnest starts talking about wanting to be Alfred's manager. Alfred immediately comes back to him and says that he's—and tells Earnest that he's not a man enough to be his manager. Earnest keeps refuting it, wanting to try to be his manager. And then they say they mention the time, four thirty, I think, and Alfred says they're late for something. But then they end up just sitting outside and maybe in an abandoned couch and starts smoking. Earnest keeps trying to have this conversation about managing Alfred, and he—Alfred keeps disagreeing with—keeps disagreeing with—Earnest. Alfred keeps disagreeing with Earnest about how he needs to be managed, and Earnest keeps trying to press the issue. And Darius is kind of just saying some random things that don't really make sense. But then they eventually get up, and I think Alfred says something about how they can't trust—how he can't trust Earnest because of something that he said at his mom's funeral, or just something that ties into something that Earnest said at his mom's funeral that wasn't great. And then let me think. And then Alfred or Earnest goes to—well, then the scene changes, and a separate man is getting out of—the scene changes completely, and a man is seen getting out of his car with a tray of drinks. Earnest walks up to him, and I think they once met because they greet each other friendly and seem to know each other. And they—the guy tells Dave, I think his name is Dave—tells Earnest's funny story about how they were at a party for a radio station and how the DJ started playing bad music and was playing Flo Rida. And he, Dave, thought that was really bad and funny. And he told the story to Earnest. And then I think Earnest asked how much it would cost to play, to get new music played on air on the radio station. And Dave tells him that it's half a stack, five hundred dollars, to get your—that that's how much it would cost to get your music played. And Alfred, I mean Earnest, just tells him that that's a lot of money and he can't do that. And Dave kind of shakes it off and laughs and tells him to stay in—stay close—and that he has to go to work and basically bye. And so Dave leaves. And then right before Earnest walks back, a man pushing a cart of trash to—I don't know, to put away—Earnest talks to him and asks. And basically that's kind of his way into the building because he asks the—the custodian how long he's gonna be there that night. And so I think what happens next is that Earnest gets money out of some shoes and goes to back to the studio. And oh no, I don't know what happens first, but Alfred shows up at Earnest's parents' house and talks to them about how Earnest wants to manage him and so on. And then I think it flips back to Earnest kind of going to his house, to his own house, and getting money out of a pair of shoes to bring it to the studio where Dave works to get Alfred's song played. And I think those two scenes kind of happened together; they flipped through those same two scenes. And then after those two scenes are played, it shows Earnest on I think a public bus or something, holding his daughter. They're both—they both have headphones on. And yeah, and I guess it was imaginary in the end, I think. Maybe I don't know if it was or not, but it seemed a little mysterious. A man is sitting just across from Earnest on the chair of the bus, and he just mentions to Earnest that he's deep in thought, I think. And then Earnest says—Earnest kind of explains to him that he's trying but why don't things work out for him. And this man undoes a Nutella and starts making a Nutella sandwich and tells Earnest kind of some philosophical thing, some advice. I forgot what the advice was, but he tells some advice. And then the bus stops, and then the guy no longer there. But then he's seen outside of the bus, walking into a forest with the dog that was mentioned in the beginning of the first scene of the movie from Darius, with something about Texas on it. And they are seen going into a forest, so I don't really know what that meant. And then they just—Earnest just continues and stays on the bus and takes his headphones off of his daughter. And then a little while later, still on the bus, Earnest receives a—he's—he's about to text, actually. He's about to text, I'm guessing it's the woman he had his child with, that he loves her and wants to know if she can talk that evening. But then right when he's about to—right when he's deciding to send it or not—he gets a phone call from Alfred. And he picks it up, and Alfred's in the car from the beginning of the movie. It the scene that's about to happen in the beginning of the movie. So Alfred's sitting in his car with Darius, and the song is being played on the radio station that Earnest paid. And this kind of spurs Alfred into wanting to talk to Earnest more about probably being his manager. And the next scene is I'm pretty sure is Earnest meeting Alfred in his car, and they have a joint there. Alfred gives it to Earnest. And then Dave shows up and meets Alfred and Darius for the first time, and then also meets Earnest again. And he or Earnest wants Dave to tell the funny story again, and he does. And it's just—they don't find it funny. And then they say good-bye, and Dave leaves. And then a woman walks by, and it was the woman that was the girlfriend of the guy in the altercation who gets shot in the beginning of the movie. She walks by the car, and Alfred kinda makes a catcall at her, and she doesn't respond nicely. And then a couple moments later, a guy who's the guy in the beginning of the film kind of just kicks the side door mirror off of the car. And that's when Alfred pulls the gun, tries to get out, but reaches for the gun in the glove department—in the glove compartment. And Earnest tells him not to. And so Alfred just gets out of the car, and it's that same altercation that they had in the beginning of the film or the TV show. Everyone kind of jumping in and falling in. Earnest is the one to actually grab the gun in the end. And so and then it—the scene flips to Earnest's girlfriend's house where his child leaves, and the TV's playing just the regular news channel. His mom kind of rushes out and leaves because she's been there for so long with the kid while the mom is coming—while the while Earnest's daughter comes in from her date. And she is just coming home from the date, obviously. And then she and then you start hearing the news more and just saying that there's been a shootout in this area that Earnest and Alfred were in. They mention the name Play Boy, and Earnest and show both of their pictures on the television. And I think the girlfriend says what an idiot or oh my gosh. And that's kind of when the episode ends.