So last week's episode started with Paper Boy, Darius, and some other guy getting out of a truck in front of— I think it was in front of a night club—and they crossed paths with this couple, and then somehow they get in some sort of altercation. I think that Paper Boy pulls a gun on the guy in the couple, and then I think Darius doesn't want there to be a scene, so Darius pulls a gun on Paper Boy. And I think that the other guy in the couple said that they have people in the area who will— sorry, sorry, I sneezed—they have people in the area who will pull a gun on them. And then you hear a boom, and it cuts to the title sequence, which is aerial shots of different neighborhoods in Atlanta, and there's some run-down neighborhoods and some McMansions, and it cuts to the city skyline. And then we see— it cuts to a ceiling fan, and you see— oh, I can't remember his name. I know his last name is Marks, and his girlfriend Van, so I guess I'll call him Mr. Marks. Mr. Marks and his girlfriend Van are in bed, and he's recounting a dream that he had to her about how he was swimming in the ocean and the seaweed was trying to pull him down, and he thought it had some philosophical significance. And she was like, "Who are you with?" And I guess he was with some girl, and he said, "Oh, but she was fat." And she gets a little jealous but not totally, and she asks, "Did they kiss?" I think, and he says no, but I think he was lying. And that isn't what gets them into a fight. Oh, they start getting really touchy-feely, and she asks him if he loves her, and he doesn't give her a straight response, so they kind of cut the act that they were about to engage in then and there. She walks into the bathroom, and she asks— she asks him to watch their daughter because she has to go to a PTA meeting, but then she changes her story and says she has to go to a date. And she specifies that she doesn't want Mr. Marks's parents watching the daughter in his place. He agrees, and she also says that if he wants to continue staying there, he's going to have to participate or share some of the rent, and that she's going to need it by tonight. It was a couple hundred dollars, I think, and he says yeah, he'll get the money somehow. So it cuts to him at work, and he's working at an airport. He has one coworker next to him, and they're kind of admiring someone on the opposite side. I think it's he's working for some rewards program, and they're trying to get people to sign up with the benefit that their customers are going to have some sort of flight incentive to go to some Caribbean island or maybe it was Bermuda. And his coworker shows him a music video of a rapper who was pretty big, and Mr. Marks is like— while he's watching the music video, I think the coworker was Shiffy or Shiflet. It's weird that I can't remember the guy's name, but I don't know. So he shows him the music video, and Mr. Marks is like, "Oh, that's my cousin." And his coworker's like, "Oh, the girl?" cause he thought she was attractive. And he was like, "No, Paper Boy. The song is Paper Boy." And by Paper Boy— and then he's like, "Oh my gosh, I have to go see Paper Boy because I need money." So then he goes to his parents' house, and his parents are like— his dad opens the door and is like, "What do you want?" His mom makes some snide remark about how I think he was there last night or something, and he didn't flush the toilet. And she said he's like eating cookies and candy, and that he ought to change his diet. And the father doesn't want to let him in because he's going to ask for something, so he's like, "What do you want?" And he asks where his cousin Alfred lives, who is Paper Boy, and so he tells him. And it cuts to a scene where he's getting out of a car in a parking lot, and Alfred is in his apartment playing video games with Darius. They hear a knock on the door. Alfred gets a gun. The door is latched. He opens the door, points the gun, sees who it is, and it's his cousin, so he lets him in. Darius is around the corner holding a knife, and so he's like, "Oh, Alfred, oh, whatever the guy's name is, Mr. Marks, what're you up to?" And then Mr. Marks propositions him, saying that he wants to be his manager. And Alfred's like, "You never come see me. The last time I saw you was when my mother died, and now all of a sudden, now that I've had some sort of success, you're showing up trying to get money off of money." And then it cuts to a scene where they're in some sort of field, and it has a sofa in it, and Darius and Alfred are smoking pot, and they offer Mr. Marks, but he refuses. And they keep talking about the deal, and he essentially he puts off Mr. Marks. So it cuts to a parking lot, and there's this guy— I don't, I don't remember, it may have been David. And so he gets out of his car, and they're talking, and Mr. Marks asks him if he'll play his cousin's song. And he— David or whatever— before this, immediately before this, when David and Mr. Marks were talking in the parking lot, David was using some racial slurs in talking to Mr. Marks, and he was obviously offended. And David says if he does— if Mr. Marks wants to play his cousin's song, he's going to have to come up with— I think it was two hundred dollars, I don't know. And he says like, "Oh no, I don't have it right now." And he says, "Okay, well, too bad." And he walks into the— walks into the recording station where he works. And Mr. Marks sees some sanitation or janitorial worker wheeling out a barrel of trash, and he says like, "Have you heard this?"— use the whatever expletives he's used before. And the guy said no, if I did, I'd— I think he said he'd beat him up or something. So then Mr. Marks goes— I think he— I'm trying to remember the sequence of scenes. I think it cuts to him going into a shoebox and grabbing a wad of cash— Mr. Marks grabbing a wad of cash out of one of his shoes. And then he goes back to the recording studio and kind of he circumvents David and goes directly to his boss with an envelope that has the money in it. And David sees this while he's on air, and he's just kind of in awe. So then Paper Boy plays on the radio, but Mr. Marks also goes home on a bus with his daughter at some point. And he meets this guy who's in a suit who's giving him some really philosophical advice about how because Mr. Marks is kind of down on himself and he feels like his existence is just the only way it's purposeful is that it allows other people to feel more highly about themselves by comparing themselves to him. And this guy is like, "No, don't feel that way." And he offers him a Nutella sandwich, and it's really kind of a weird scene. And the guy in the suit gets off the bus and walks into a ditch, but it's kind of revelatory to Mr. Marks. And so he gets a call from his cousin because they played the song on the radio, and the cousin's like, "Oh hey, come over here, we'll discuss things." And Mr. Marks is like, "Oh, is that because I'm going to become your manager?" And he's like— he doesn't fully say yes, but he's like, "We'll, we'll talk" or something. So it cuts— there's also a scene somewhere where— oh no, this— there's a scene where Darius and Paper Boy roll into a driveway, and Mr. Marks's parents are outside with Mr. Marks's daughter. And Mr. Marks's mom is won't let— I think Paper Boy come near Mr. Mark's daughter, so her granddaughter, because she thinks she'll get a second-hand high from everything that Paper Boy's been smoking. But anyway, so Mr. Marks goes and is in the car with Darius— with Darius and Paper Boy at in front of the same place, the same club or whatever that they had been at last week. And they hear the song on the radio again, and they're really excited. Mr. Marks is in the passenger seat, Darius is in the back, and David comes— and David, the recording guy, comes. And Mr. Marks asks him to recount the story because he thinks he's going to use the same slurs and that maybe Alfred will beat him up or something or be really offended. But he tells the story, which was something about how they were at a party and played Flo Rida but without using the words that he had used before. And Alfred and Darius are like, "Why did you ask him to tell this story?" But anyways, it's kind of incidental. So someone else— oh, a woman comes out of the store, club or whatever it is, and Paper Boy kind of calls out to her, but she's not interested. And Paper Boy says something kind of derogatory back, and some guy comes and kicks his side-view mirror. And Paper Boy goes out, and he's reaching into his glove compartment for the gun, but Mr. Marks blocks him because he doesn't want him to ruin himself considering the success he has in front of him. But then he goes out anyway without the gun, and then Mr. Marks grabs the gun. And then somehow there's some sort of altercation. And it cuts to a scene where Van is coming back into her house from her date, and it's Mr. Marks's mother who had been watching their daughter. And she says like, "Oh, the bottle is in the fridge." And then Van sees on the TV that her boyfriend, Mr. Marks, and Alfred had both been arrested. And that's where the episode ends.