So the episode started out with Paper Boy and Earnest in a car, and they were at a gas station in a parking lot, a closed-down gas station with a bunch of signs. There weren't any sort of windows in the background or anything, with just a wall full of signs and stuff on it, a white wall. And the side view mirror got smashed somehow; you couldn't see it in the beginning. And Paper Boy leapt out of the car and was super angry and went after whoever smashed the mirror. And it turns out it was two men walking by, and Earnest was screaming, "No, Paper! No, Alfred, stay back!" And we learned his Paper Boy's real name is Alfred, and his name is Alfred from the beginning. And he was screaming, "No, Alfred, don't do that, don't mess with the money." And he got a gun out from the console of the car and went out to back up Alfred. Then they were all standing outside the two men, and then Alfred and Paper Boy—Alfred and Earnest, I mean—and in the parking lot, and they were talking about smashing the mirror and insulting each other pretty harshly. Oh, it wasn't two men; that was a man and a girl who smashed the mirror. And Alfred insulted the girl, and she—she was wearing little clothing—and she insulted him right back. And then the third guy, Darius, got out of the car behind them. And he was—he was with them, but it didn't show him getting out of the car or anything. And he was looking at the dog on the side of the road near the gas station and said he saw that dog before or something like that. And then Alfred got super insulted and pulled out a gun and pointed it at the opposing guy's chest. And then Earnest also had a gun and had to pull it out on the opposing guy. And the opposing guy said he—he didn't seem very scared, and he said he had backup coming to help him. And so yeah, and it ended with a gunshot, and it faded out into with music into a big drone landscape of Atlanta and one over the city, and kind of zoomed—the lens zoomed out a lot. Then there was a scene in a bed, and it was Earnest and his ex-wife, I believe, or wife; it was kind of unclear. And they were laying in bed. It was a pretty nice house, you could tell they were—it was kind of a modern, neutral, well-off house. And the wife had a head scarf on. It started out with the wife being asleep and Earnest in the sheets next to her, but he was listening to music; he had headphones on, and it was rap music. And she woke up, and he told her about his dream and how he was swimming and all the seaweed was grasping for him like hands. And there was a fat woman in the background that he—he joked with her about this, but that he later kissed. And then he tried to relate that to society, and she started laughing. And then they began kissing, and she said, "Tell me you love me." And he just laughed, and he said, "You." And then she said, "Why can't you tell me you love me, blah blah blah." And he was like, "Of course I love you; that's why I laughed," because she was hurt that he laughed. And then he kind of smirked at her, and she got kinda upset. And so she threw off the sheets and went to the bathroom, and she was wearing only a T-shirt, I think. And she took off her head scarf and was undoing her hair, which was a knots at the top of her head. And while she was in the bathroom doing that, he came over, and she started telling him that he had to take care of their daughter that night. And he had to—yeah, to take care of her. And panned to him in the background with their daughter; it was probably two or three years old in a crib, and she was wearing a pajama suit. And the wife also—she said she had parent-teacher conferences and then a date until eleven. And Earnest was kind of just annoyed that she had a date with some corny man and kept saying "corny man" to his daughter. Then after that he—oh, and she said she needed to help with the rent that night if he was to stay there because he can't stay—yeah, if he were to stay there, she needs him to pay. So this led him to go to his parents' house, which was in a pretty ghetto, sketchy neighborhood of Atlanta. And he was never in a car or anything; he just was walking along the sidewalk, the screen showed him walking along the sidewalk to his parents' house. He opened the door; he was wearing a backpack and a blue and red shirt. And he knocked on the door, and his dad opened it but wouldn't let him in. And his mom was in the background, and it was a pretty old, definitely not a wealthier neighborhood, and it was definitely an old house. And his dad wouldn't let him in because he thought he would ask for money or try and sneak in their house again, which apparently he had been doing for a while. And Earnest asked where Alfred was, and they said in a small apartment on the other side of town. And so he went to look for Alfred, who I think was his step-brother—Alfred is the parents' niece—and so he went—so Earnest went looking for Alfred. And he found—so he went he was walking down the streets and knocked on their door, knocked on Alfred's door. And he and Alfred immediately—oh, first it showed inside of Alfred's house where Alfred was playing a video game on the couch, and it was kind of a messy, small apartment. And Darius—Darius was in the background with an apron on, and he was pretty high, and he was trying to make dinner or something; he was making something which then turned out to be cookies. When—so when Earnest knocked on the door, Alfred came out and pointed a gun out to his head, which shows how sketchy of a neighborhood it was and that it was a gated doorway, thick black gates. And then he let him in, and they went around, and Darius had a knife; he was holding a knife and a plate of cookies around the corner in case it was a bad guy or something. And then he offered Earnest a cookie, and Earnest ate a cookie. And they went in to—they went in and started talking. And Earnest was like, "Alfred, we need to talk. Somewhere, where can we go talk?" And so then the scene shifted to an open field on the side of the road, but yeah, in a bench. And Alfred and Earnest and Darius were sitting on this bench smoking a joint. And Alfred offered the joint to Earnest, and Earnest said, "No, I'm trying—I'm trying to get a job. I have a job right now; I can't smoke." And then he said, "I wanna talk to you about getting a real manager." And then he was, "Who is this guy?" And Alfred's like, "This is my manager." And Darius was really high. And Alfred was like—Earnest was like, "We need to find about a manager. Your music is actually pretty good, and we can produce it, blah blah blah," and started talking about that. And then Alfred kind of just missed him. And the scene shifted to Alfred left and went to the One-Oh-Six Point Seven, the radio management place, I guess, radio building in the city. And he was walking—he was walking in the parking lot, and he came across a white, wealthy guy, and who he knew from before from something. And it was unclear from what, where they knew each other from. And he said he and the white guy was like, "Oh, you came out of a dumpster. Like, where are you coming from? Look like you came out of a dumpster." And Earnest was like, "No," just said no. And he told the white guy told the story about Flo Rida, and they went to a concert; he managed a concert, and the DJ so would only play—play two songs by Flo Rida in a row. And then he went over and said like, "Hey, n-word," and called this guy the n-word. And this really disturbed Earnest. And so then Earnest asked if they could play Paper Boy, Alfred's song, so Paper Boy's song. And he was like, "No, you'd have to pay me five hundred dollars, and it's all about connections," and stressing how important connections are. And Earnest was like, "I don't have that money. Can you just play it for me? What can I do?" And then he says, "It's all about who you know." And he left, and he shook three guys' hands and went in the building. And then Earnest was still there; he was left in the parking lot. And a janitor who's—who's lugging a cart of trash pulled up, and Earnest was like, "Does that guy ever call you the n-word?" And he said—and the janitor said no. And he was like, "Okay, that's weird." And then he was like—he asked the janitor how late he could work or something like that, and basically inferred that he could get in—he could get in, the janitor could let him in to give the money or whatever to the recording to the radio station to play Paper Boy's song. So then it panned to Earnest getting money from or someone just hands in a shoebox, getting money out of out of the shoebox next to some really nice new shoes, and taking it in to the recording studio. And he was—he went through the hallway and passed the white guy at the mic in the recording studio with these huge glass windows, and he waved at him, but he put the money under the door of the director's office instead of just giving it to the white guy, which is what he said. And then after that he was on the bus with a—it panned to Earnest on the bus with his kid, his daughter. And his daughter and him are both listening to music; they all have—they had their own headphones. His daughter had a pair of headphones with a crown on it, and she's wearing pink. And he still had the same outfit on, and he had a nice new phone with a white phone case. And he's sitting in the back of the bus, and there was this guy across from him that started talking to him. And he had a little big lighter skin than him and was dressed in a pretty nice suit, a tan suit. And then he came—he stepped across the bus and sat next to Earnest and started telling him advice and said how he noticed Earnest was looking down or something like that and was rambling on about that. And then Earnest started talking about how there's people who win and people who lose and—and how he was just losing and how those people exist in the world to help the people who win to balance it out. And the guy started took out a knife, a plastic knife, and started making a Nutella sandwich in the background. Then he offered it to Earnest when Earnest was done talking. And when Earnest said, "No thanks, I'm good, man," the guy got super mad and started and was like, "You won't eat this goddamn sandwich or something." And then he got off the bus, and he was exiting off the bus, and he all Earnest saw when he looked up was the guy going from the bushes with this dog. Then Earnest was about to text his wife, "I love you, can we talk later?" And before he sent the text, Alfred called and said, "Hey, listen to my song; it's playing on the radio." And the song was playing; Paper Boy was playing on the radio. And then they—and then Alfred said, "Come come here, we need to talk." And so then it panned to the same gas station right in the beginning and the same parking spot and everything. And he got—Earnest got in the car in the passenger seat, and Alfred was really high, and Darius was in the background, and they were blasting Paper Boy which was on the radio and kind of dancing weirdly. And this time Earnest accepted the joint and started smoking with them. And then the white guy came up beside the car and was like, "Oh, hi," kind superficially friendly. And Earnest was like, "Tell him this funny story, like what happened to you at the concert the other day and what the DJ did." So the white guy went through the whole story about the DJ playing two Flo Rida songs and—but he didn't include the n-word part, and which Earnest thought was weird. And he was like thinking to himself, and the two guys were like, "Okay, why'd you tell the story?" And they were like, "That was kind of a dumb story." And Darius was like, "I like Flo Rida." And then the white guy left. And then a few minutes later—oh, and then a girl walked by, and Alfred screamed out the window, "This is my song!" when he the Paper Boy song. And she said, "There's no way it is," and insulted him. And so then he got sad and turned it down. And then a few minutes later, same scene happened in the beginning; the girl and the guy walked by, and the—you could see the mirror being kicked off this time and everything kind of started again. And Alfred got out of the car and ran over, and again Earnest grabbed the gun, was like, "No, Alfred," and ran after him with Darius. And they were all facing each other, and the same scene kind of happened. And then it stopped and went to his wife who had just gotten home. I this—and on the news they had—oh, and his mom left was like leaving his wife's house, Earnest's wife house. And they were—it's like in an apartment, and on the news it was two suspects of Earnest and Alfred, and Alfred was dressed in a suit and looked pretty nice. And then this episode ended, yeah.