So the episode, I mentioned last time, started with the scene where Paper Boy—crap, what was his name? Can't remember the main character guy's name. It'll come back to me, I think. And they're in the car when someone knocks off the window, and it's this guy who's with a girl. And then there's a confrontation between those two who aren't really main characters. And then Paper Boy and I don't think it's Saint but whatever his name is ended up pulling the gun, and he's telling Paper Boy to not shoot the gun. And we don't know what happens, but we just hear that a gun goes off. And then we flash back to—oh, his name's Earn, the main character. Yeah, Earn, I think short for Earnest, I'm not sure. But we see him, and we flash forward after the scene, and so it's sort of a recall back to how this all began. And he's in bed with, presumably, the mother of one of his—the mother of his children. Don't really know where the relationship stands, but they're in bed. He's awake, his earphones are in, and she scolds him, asking him why he's awake so early. They have a very intimate moment before she gets up to go brush her teeth, and he gets out of bed too and also goes to the—his daughter's cradle, where he's playing with her while she tells him that he needs to watch her for the day. And after that, we see that Earn goes to work. I think that's exactly what happens next. And he and his friend Swift, maybe, are salespeople, sort of, so they're trying to market to people to buy a trip or what not. And Swift, I think, brings up this mixtape by Paper Boy, and Earn is like, "Oh, wait, that's my cousin." Then—oh, so this all came up because Earn was talking about how he doesn't have money to pay rent, to pay for his daughter, to pay for all of that. And then that's when he has the idea to go to Paper Boy, or— and in this case, he goes to his parents' house, 'cause he found out that he knows that Paper Boy or Al is actually his cousin by whatever link. And so he goes to his parents' house, and then they don't really let him in because they say Al only does is ask for money or doesn't flush the toilet properly or whatever, and that he's trouble. So they don't wanna let him in, but they gave him location of where Al lives. So then Earn goes to Al's place, and Al is in there with his friend—I can't remember his name—but they're just hanging out, smoking or something. And then Earn, when he knocks, Paper Boy has a gun at the door when the chain opens, and— but he sees who it is and lets him in. And Earn is like, "Could I be your manager and stuff like that?" 'Cause he's trying to make money. And Paper Boy's like, "No," like he doesn't need a manager, he's doing fine on his own, and says that Earn only comes around when he needs money. And then we see that they get out of the apartment or house, whatever they're in, and they're sort of on the grass somewhere on a couch, and Earn continues to try to convince Paper Boy, but it doesn't only work out. And after that, I think Paper Boy— not Paper Boy, Earn says something that makes Paper Boy mad. So then Paper Boy and his—his friend whose name I can't remember but is always high all the time and sort of had a knife and cookies when Earn walked into the house when he first arrived—also leaves with him. And then I think Earn—I don't remember which comes first—but I believe that Paper Boy goes to Earn's parents' house, and then he goes and talks to Earn's father, who says that, well, Earn isn't really maybe the brightest ball or whatever, may not have the best idea. If he wants something, he'll go get it. Paper Boy says, "Okay," and he's joking with Earn's mom about—about seeing his niece, Earn's daughter, and him and Val—I think Van, Van—so him and Van's daughter. And Earn's mom is like, "No, you can't. She already gets enough contact with you," implying that 'cause he's high, she could smell it all the way from there. Meanwhile, I believe Earn goes to—he bumps into his friend at— not his friend, but the guy from the radio broadcasting place—and tries to get—tries to get sort of Paper Boy's big hit played on the radio. And so he manages to befriend the janitor after it doesn't really work out with the guy who works there, who he's acquaintances with for—by whatever reason. And and he says something really provocative by saying sort of some really dumb story about a DJ and try to show off all these connections he has, but also refusing to help Earn. But after befriending the janitor, Earn gets access to the building, slips the money that the guy told him that he had to give to his boss if he wanted his CD played under the door, and then the mixtape ends up being played on the radio. And then everyone hears, and then Paper Boy hears, and so does his friend, his high friend. And Paper Boy calls Earn, and Earn is like—they say he says to come meet him. And then so Earn goes to meet him in the car, and that's when we sort of circle back to the scene from the very beginning. And that's when—so so Paper Boy's in the car with his friend, and then Earn gets into the passenger side or shotgun. And then he agrees to let him be his manager, and they're talking for a bit before the camera— not the camera, the rear view mirror—is also knocked off again. And so that's when the aforementioned fight begins or confrontation between the girl who Paper Boy catcalled and her supposed boyfriend or guy that she was with. And that's when we see they get all up on their faces of each other. Oh, to backtrack a little bit, Earn got the call from Paper Boy that to meet him while he was on a bus holding his daughter in his arms. And he met that weird guy who's really tall and bald with a suit who threatened him with a Nutella sandwich but also had a very deep conversation with him. And this guy had a dog, and we see that dog reappear from that scene in the final scene where—where Paper Boy's friend, not Earn, is like, "This situation's weird, man. I don't know what's going on." But yeah, and then we have—we flash forward to Van, who's coming home from her date. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that she was coming home from her date that she and Earn were actually talking about when way back earlier in the first scene or something, where she's getting ready and was telling him to take care of their daughter for the day, and he was asking why, 'cause— and she says she was gonna be back late because of a date. So she—so the final scene, we sort of see her get back from her date, and then she turns on the TV. She's all dressed up and sees that Paper Boy and Earn are missing, presumed one injured after that showdown. And we sort of don't know what happens after that. Yeah, can't remember what else that might've been, maybe.