Okay, so the main character Earn. Well, first of all, we start the episode with an event that is chronologically out of place, as in we get a preview of what's gonna happen at the end of the storyline. So we see Earn, our main character, who just became the manager for his cousin Alfred, I think that was his name, but his stage name slash MC rapper name is Paper Boy. So they're sitting in a car—no wait, in the first scene they don't show that they were sitting in a car; they just show the argument that they get into, which is slightly out of context. So I think Paper Boy and his other friend, whose name started with a D, Derek, something like that, they get into a—they're arguing with this woman and her boyfriend, and Earn steps out of the car and tries to intervene and stop the fight. But Paper Boy has a gun, and he shoots—he pulls the trigger on the boyfriend of the girl that they get into an argument with. So that's the opening scene. And then we see Earn, or his full name Earnest, in his bed with his girlfriend, I think, but they're kind of in an open relationship; I'm not really sure what's happening with them. They're in a bed, and they're talking about Earn's dream last night, and he talks about how he was in a pool, but it felt like he was swimming in the ocean, and he was swimming with this fat, annoying woman who told him that hands that were like seaweeds—if you touch those hands, then you would get dragged down, so you have to swim above them. It was a weird dream. And then he tells that to his girlfriend, and she interrogates him a little bit and asks him if—she—she asks him if he made out with her, and he said no, but then he said yes. So I'm not sure if he actually joked that they made out or if they're—just messing around. And then they kiss, and they're having a good time in bed until—this is the part that I don't really get; I feel like the girl is just kind of picky. She asked him to tell her that he loves her, and then he says, "I love you," but she gets irritated because he always has a different—he used to say a different answer, which is like, "Of course," or something. And then she storms out to the bathroom. And then Earn is sitting at the edge of his bed for a little bit, and then he goes into his daughter's room, he picks her up, and he's talking to her like just typical baby talk, and it's really cute. Until his girlfriend, getting ready, she takes her sleep cap off, and she talks about how she has a date later that night, so Earn had to take care of their daughter—I mean, that's what I'm assuming. And then, and then what happens? Oh, and then we see Earn at work, which is I think at an airport. He's with another friend; he's a security guard or something, didn't really catch that part. They talk about Paper Boy, and there's a really funny scene about how they're stuck in their positions because they're not old black—they're not old black ladies. And you see an old black lady doing a much less intense job, I guess, giving deals, providing deals to people, I don't know. And then there's this very pretty white boy who's signing up for something, and she makes a very vulgar gesture. And then the two men, Earn and his friend, are on the opposite corner of the lobby, and they just kinda roll their eyes, and they kinda complain about it. And then Earn—I'm not sure, I'm not sure who brought it up, but I think Earn asked his friend if he knew Paper Boy, and he said, "Yeah, that's a pretty dope song." And then Earn tells him that Paper Boy is his cousin, and his coworker thinks it's really cool, but at the same time low-key skeptical about it. And then that's how the scene ends: Earn just walking away from him, and his coworker yelling, "Hey, where you going, man? By the way, I don't believe that if Paper Boy's your cousin." So that's a humorous scene. Darn it. And I think the next scene was—okay, I can't remember if it was Earn visiting his parents or us seeing Paper Boy in action, but I'm gonna assume that we cut to a scene with Paper Boy and his friend whose name starts with a D; I'm gonna call him Derek. They talk about their track, and Paper Boy is playing a video game, and I actually can't really remember what the conversation was about. Oh, that was—oh wait, frick, I think they talked about how Earn wants to be his manager, Paper Boy's manager, I mean, and Paper Boy doesn't really feel like it. And then we cut to a scene, I think Earn visiting his parents, and his parents are—and his dad is standing at the doorframe, and his mom is inside the house. And the parents tell him, "We don't have room for you; we don't wanna give you money." And Earn's like, "Well, I didn't come here for money," and he walks away. And he's wearing this t-shirt and a backpack, or I don't know why I remember that, but it was just so memorable 'cause he looked like—he looked a lot younger than he was; he seemed when he was in a uniform, so for a while I thought it was a flashback, but it wasn't. And then, and then we see—then we see Earn talk to meet Paper Boy in real life. And then, oh yeah, and he tries to go in, but Paper—oh, oh, I remember, he goes to his parents first. And then we see playing the video game, and then we see Earn visit Paper Boy. And so when he—when he tries to go in, Paper Boy opens his door a little bit, and then he has a gun aimed at him. And I could sense a bit of tension, but they let Earn in anyway. And when Derek sees Earn, he's holding up a weapon and a plate of cookies. And after Paper Boy told Derek that Earn is fine, he—Derek provides Earn with a cookie. And then they talk about how Earn wanted to be Paper Boy's manager, but Paper Boy really didn't want that because the last time they saw each other was at a funeral, and they hadn't talked ever since. But Paper Boy feels like Earn is there to discuss money, and Paper Boy doesn't like that. And then Paper Boy—oh, and then—and Earn then goes to this radio station or producing station, I think it's a radio station, and he meets his white friend, who tells him a story about how he was at a party the night before, and the DJ started playing Flo Rida back-to-back, and the white friend thought it was ridiculous, so he went up to the DJ and said, "Really, n-word." And then obviously that is not an appropriate language that should be coming out of anyone's mouth, but especially from a white man's. And so Earn is like, "Did you really say that?" verbatim, and the friend says, "Yeah," as if there's nothing wrong, and he walks in. And then his white friend goes into the building, 'cause that's where he works. And then in front of the same building, Earn runs into a janitor, I think, or someone who had a huge trolley full of trash, I don't know what to call those trash carts. And he's black, and I could sense a bit of racial black humor, no pun intended, where Earn asks the janitor, "Janitor, does that white friend say the n-word to you?" And then the janitor says, "No way, I would've beaten his ass," and logically infer that he—Earn paid the janitor or something to get into the building. And this is like an alternating scene, or at least in my memory, Paper Boy visits Earn's parents, who are his uncle and his aunt, with his friend Derek in the car. And Paper Boy tells Earn's father, aka his uncle, that Earn wanted to be Paper Boy's manager and how he doesn't trust him. And Earn's father says, "Well, that's understandable." And then we cut to a scene where Earn is carrying an envelope with a CD, the mixtape of Paper Boy in it, and sliding it underneath a radio host's office so they could play it if it's good and they like it. And then we also cut—and then we again cut back to the scene where Earn's father tells Paper Boy, "Yeah, I see why he could be untrustworthy, but at the same time, if he puts his mind to something, he tries to do it in his own way." And so we cut back to Earn in his action, sliding the CD. I think I repeated that part, darn it, but that happens. And then we see Paper Boy listen to the radio and hear his song come out, and then he, for some reason, knows that Earn had something to do with it, and so he calls Earn, goes like, "We need to talk in real life." Oh wait, by the way, in the first scene there was a really brief cut to a dog, I think it was a German Shepherd on the street, which I thought was kind of bizarre, but I recall this because a scene that I'm gonna talk about next involved this dog. So Earn is writing on a public bus with his daughter in his arms, and she has this really cute headset with a crown on it; it's pink, it was really adorable. She's sleeping, and he's also listening to music. And this bald black guy wearing a beige suit and a black bowtie walks up to him, actually sits next to him, and makes a Nutella toast, Nutella sandwich, two white bread with Nutella in between, and he offers him a bite, offers Earn a bite, but Earn refuses. And then the cops pass by the bus, and Earn looks at the—looks at the police car, and then he tries to look back at the man, the bald man in the beige suit, but he's gone. And when he looks outside the window again towards the exit, there is that man with the same German Shepherd that we saw in the first scene. So we can—so like, I guess the man in the beige suit is somehow was somehow present at the scene of the shooting that we saw earlier in the beginning. So that's that. And then, and then when they actually offer—oh wait, before that, when Earn first visits Paper Boy to ask him for a position as his manager, they also go outdoors on to sit on a couch. On the left most was Derek, in the middle was Paper Boy, and to his right was Earn. And they offer Earn weed, and Earn refuses. But coming back to the scene after Paper Boy finds out that Earn had something to do with putting his song on station, he calls Earn. Earn comes over; Paper Boy and Derek were sitting in a car, Paper Boy in the driver's seat and Derek in the backseat, and Earn comes to the passenger seat. They let him in, and they offer him weed again, but this time Earn accepts. And so Paper Boy is really happy he has a song on, and they basically allow Earn to become his manager. And then, and then, and then Earn's white friend that we saw earlier comes over to the car towards the passenger seat. And I think at this part Earn is trying to screw him over and perhaps make him realize that saying the n-word wasn't the right thing, or seeing how he reacts next to—in front of more intimidating or macho black men instead of himself, who is a little more contained and tame, I guess. And Earn asks his white friend to retell the story that he had told him earlier, but this time when he tells the story, you can tell that the white friend is very rigid; he feels a little uncomfortable sharing the story, and he leaves out the detail of him saying the n-word to the DJ. And the reaction of the three black men in the car is not so friendly. The guy in the back, who is kind of a comic relief of this episode, says, "But I like Flo Rida," and the dude in the front seat, who is Paper Boy, is having—having none of that. And then his white friend just walks away. And after that happens, oh, a black girl—the girl that the same girl that we see in the opening scene—walks by this car that they're all riding in; they're all sitting in. And Paper Boy catcalls her, catcalls her, and she says, "You know, screw off." And Paper Boy gets irritated, and so he yells something really derogatory to her. And a while later, I'm assuming that the girl told her boyfriend that that happened, or her boyfriend heard it. And so you see—I'm not sure if it's another car or they just walked by and smashed the—what do you call that, the side mirror? Yeah, but they destroy Paper Boy's side mirror because they were upset, the girl and her boyfriend, I mean. And then I'm assuming that they get into the fight that we saw earlier in the episode, and then the shooting happens, and then they show the shooting, and I'm assuming because it's a continued scene that happens. And then we see Earn's girlfriend come back home, and the whole time Earn's mother had been babysitting Earn and his girlfriend's daughter. So after his girlfriend—after the girlfriend comes back from her date, the mother leaves, and she tries to go in when she notices that there was news about a shooting that happened on the TV. And they say that Paper Boy, the rapper Paper Boy, and his manager Earn were arrested, I believe, due to disturbances, yeah. And then his girlfriend says, "You stupid shit," or something like that. And then that's the end of the episode.