So the scene the episode begins with a guy and a girl smashing the car's side view mirror, and Alfred, who is also known as Paper Boy, but you don't know that yet, he confronts them and wants money for the car and the damage, and they won't give it to him. And the guy's wearing a striped shirt, and they're outside of a diner in a parking lot, and they're all high, and they're talking back and forth, back and forth. And at this point, they don't know that he's Paper Boy. And then eventually the subject comes up that he is the rapper, that he kinda name-drops him, and the guy ends up really not liking his music, which kind of escalates the situation further when he insults it. And Darius is there, and Earnest is there, and there's a dog, the side kind of on the side of the parking lot, sitting on the grass, it looks like a German Shepherd. And someone insults someone, and a gun is pulled. Paper Boy pulls the first gun and points it at the guy's chest who smashed his window, and Earn just isn't pleased with that. And then the other guy says, "My guy's right over there," which kind of defers him from shooting. And then Earnest has a gun too, that he had taken from the glove compartment, the glove compartment, but you don't know it's from the glove compartment yet, and he's like, "Don't shoot, don't shoot." And there's kind of a pause, and you get kind of an aerial view of the parking lot, and then you just hear a shot and a light, and then that scene ends. And then it's panoramas of Atlanta, panoramic aerial shots from drones, from I guess it's the title sequence of basketball courts and destroyed homes and just scenes from the neighborhood from above, and I think it was Paper Boy's song that was playing in the background. And then it's a highway, traffic, city traffic with the skyline, and then Atlanta just shows up in big letters. And then you cut to Alfred sleeping; he's at home, he's in his bed, doesn't have a shirt on, and you're kind of the camera zooms in on his face, and then an arm just smacks him in the face. Then you realize he's there with his daughter's mom, and they're in bed together, and he wakes up and tells her about this dream that he had about he was swimming with this girl who he later calls Fat, and there's a seaweed that's like hands, and they— and then she in the dream she tells him that don't get caught by the hands, like swim up or else they'll pull you down. And I forget the name of his the girl, but she says like, "What did the girl look like?" And then he tells her she was Fat, and then and then she says something about them making out, and he's like, "I didn't even tell you that," and she's like, "Well, were you?" And he was like, "Yeah." And then they kind of— she's like, "Why are you up?" And they start kissing, and she says, "Tell me you love me," and he kind of laughs, and she gets— she's insulted by that, she's like, "When I ask you to tell you you love me, you love me, why don't you just do it?" And he's kind of defensive about that, and she gets out of bed and goes into the bathroom and starts fixing her hair in the mirror. When he goes down the hall and goes to their daughter's room who's in a crib, her name's Lottie, he picks her up, and she starts going over what they have to do today. So she says she's going— she's gonna be back late because she has a date, so I guess they're not together officially. And then she said, "If you're gonna start staying here, you have to pay rent," and he said, "Okay, I'll get it to you by later today." And I guess that that was before the part where she said she was getting home at eleven, and he's like, "Oh, that's late, what are you doing?" She said she has a date, and he was kind of taken aback. And then she— then that scene ends with him asking his daughter like, "Oh, this is a perfect place for you, totally healthy," and then that scene ends. And then it goes to the his job; he's working with a guy named Smith, I think, and they're in suits, and it looks like they're in a public place, an airport, a bus station, probably some sort of transport, and they're talking about work. And there's a woman across the way doing the same, their same job, but at a different company or maybe she's their competitor, and and she is getting all of the customers, and they're obviously not very enthused with their job. And she gets this one kid to buy into what she's selling, like while he's signing something, gets up behind him and starts grinding on him almost, which is disturbing. And and then I'm forgetting what exactly they're talking about in this scene besides their work; I think he does mention that she has a date. And then it cuts to him; the next scene is him at his parents' house. He has a backpack on, and he goes to their door and knocks on their door, and the dad whose name is Riley, I think, opens the door and kind of stands at the door and doesn't let him in. And he's and he's like, "Oh, can you come or can I come in? Like, are you gonna invite me in?" He's like, "How are you? Good? That's good. Like, how are things?" And he doesn't invite him in, and he is like, "I know you're only here because you want money." And his mom kind of agrees with his dad on this, and they were like, "We know you were here yesterday because you pooped in the toilet and didn't flush it." And and he's like he denies it, and then the mom is like, "No, I checked, you gotta start eating healthier or something, it was you," and he is still in denial. And then so his parents won't let him in, won't give him money, and he asks where Alfred is, and he and the dad says he's at the apartment. And so you see him walking down the the a little gravel, not gravel, but just towards the street, towards the apartment complex in the his his backpack. And then he gets to the apartment complex, and first you've got the scene is of the what's his name, Alfred, and his friend Darius, and they're in the apartment, and Alfred is playing video games on the couch, and Darius is checking out some milk, and he's like, "Is this good for drinking? And is this milk good?" And Alfred was just like, "Is this good for what?" And he's like, "Drinking," and he's like, "Oh no, it's not good for that." And then there's a knock at the door, and it pans to Earnest's point of view, and the he pulls opens, and there's a gun, and it's pointed in his face. And then I guess Alfred recognizes that it's him because he lets him in. And then as he's walking up the into the apartment, Darius has a butcher's knife ready to get him cause they don't know who it is, and they both have on big chains, and Darius has a thing over his mouth, like I guess it was a cloth, and he literally has a butcher's knife to him, and he's like, "Do you want a cookie?" So I guess they just make cookies, so they all take cookies. And then they go over to the living room to talk, and I think he tells him about how his dad won't let him in, and they're cousins, I guess, and Alfred is kind of Earnest is like basically the point of the conversation was to ask Paper Boy if he could be his manager. And he was like, "That's like"— he asks him where the word manager came from, and he like tries to make up this thing Latin for hand mono or something, and he's like, "Well, that wasn't what I was getting at, but you're not a man, and I don't want you as my manager." And he's like, "Why not? Like you like it's good, like I wanna be like you need me, I can offer so much." And and then he's like, "Oh crap, we're late, it's four thirty-five or something, we're late." And then it pans, it cuts to them all in a field, looks like a little abandoned lot on a yellow couch, smoking a joint, so I guess their appointment was just to go get high. And they further discuss the topic, and Darius is asking all these questions, and basically it's like, "No, no, no, no, no, I don't want you as my manager." I think he wanted someone else, and Earnest was just like, "What? You want him? Like he's never gonna do that." And he just obviously not not like having him, he doesn't really wanna consider it. I don't think, I'm trying to think what else did I hear. And they get up, and then they leave or they get up to leave, and I'll come back to that if I remember anything more. And then the next scene is Earnest in a parking lot outside the what is the radio station, and he's talking to this guy, this white guy, I don't remember his name, but he's really annoying and very friendly, and like his I felt like his actions were and his mannerisms were very over the top, and like he was trying to act like a gangster almost when he just wasn't. And I guess he was one of the guys for the radio station who played all the music, and so it acted like it seemed like they knew each other, they were friends, and he was telling Earnest's story about about this party that they had, and the guy played the guy who was on the music played Flo Rida twice, and he says he like pulled him aside, and he was like, "Really? You gotta stop," and he uses the n-word, and Earnest's kinda taken aback by it and like, "Oh, that's weird." And then they kind of he has coffee, he's like getting coffee out of his car, I guess for his office, and he takes the coffee off the top of his car, and he kind of walks toward the building, and they're and Alfred— sorry, not Alfred, Earn asks him like, "How do you get a song on the radio?" And the guy says, "Oh, it's like half a stack or something," so he means like five hundred bucks to even get the song to prove to Alfred— no, yeah, to prove to Alfred that he like is manager material, get five hundred bucks, which he obviously doesn't have. So he asks the guy, and he's like, "No," he denies him. And so the guy walks in, he's like, "Oh yeah, I'll see you later." And this janitor named or this garbage man I guess named Prince is like rolling garbage piles across the seat like the picture, and he pulls him aside, and he's like, "Does he ever use the n-word with you?" And Prince is like, "No, like I would like have like my foot up his ass or something." And he's like, "Alright, how are you gonna be here at like eleven tonight?" And so then I think it cuts to the Alfred and Darius are in a car; they drove to Earn's parents' house, and Lottie's there playing with her grandparents on the front lawn, and they're like Uncle Riley, and they start talking. And Alfred basically tells him that Earn wants to be his manager, and at the same time the scene is kind of cutting back and forth between what Earn is doing and what the dad and what the cousin are doing. So the dad is like, "I don't know, but when he puts his mind to something he he'll do it." And at the and then it cut or I think that scene happened before or after you actually see Earn go into the radio station or like it's the process of him like getting the song. So he has the disk, and he gets money out of shoebox. Oh, and before this the cousin Alfred was like, "I don't trust him, I don't want him to be my manager." And then you see the shoebox, and he gets like a lot of this is Earn getting a lot of money out of his shoebox and going to the radio station, and like rubber banding the money to his CD, and you see him enter. And the guy who he had saw in the parking lot was is kind of confused, and Earn goes and slips, and Earn like shows him the CD with the money, and he goes and slips an envelope under I guess like the main guy's door. And the and then it cuts to the dad saying like, "When Earn puts his mind to something he'll do it." And then it cuts to Earn on a bus with Lottie; they're both wearing headphones, his are like big and black, and his daughter's are like cute and little and pink with a little tiara on top, and she's fast asleep in his arms. And there's a guy sitting across from them in his brown light tan suit who's like sputtering all of this like existential stuff like, and Earn's feeling down, he's like, "Are they? Am I? Like I feel like I keep losing, are losers only in this world to like make winners feel better? Cause I feel like I'm always losing." And the guy's like like something about a current and like all of this kind of inspirational stuff, and he like cracks open a jar of Nutella and starts putting them on a sandwich, and he's like, "Bite this sandwich." And he's like, "No," and Earn's like, "No," and he's like, "Do it," and he doesn't. And then police sirens whiz by the bus, and and then the jar of Nutella is just on the seat, and the guy's on. And then you see the guy who had just like gotten off the bus with the dog that you saw in the beginning of the episode who was sitting watching the murder, and and then so I guess he was kind of like that was weird. And so then he takes his daughter's headphones off, and looks at the phone that he was playing music on, turns the music off, and I guess he like kinda looks at his daughter and like realizes what he's missing by not like being with her mother, and drafts a text to her and is like, "I love you, can we talk tonight?" To kind of make up for that morning. And right as he's about to send it, he gets a call from Alfred, and he picks it up, and Alfred is listening to his song on the radio that Earnest got on the radio in the first place, and he's so happy, he's like, "You gotta come over, you gotta come over, I'm listening to this song." So I don't know what happens to Lottie; I guess she gets dropped off at her grandmother's because that's where she ends up at the end, but somehow Earn like gets rid of her daughter and goes to goes to meet them in the parking lot where the scene started. So I guess that was like it started, and then it all flashed back, and it was building up to the front scene again. And he offers him a joint, and he takes it, and he gets in the car, and they're listening to the song, and they're like, "This is so good," and Darius is in the backseat. And then they run into the guy who the white guy who was all who was part of the radio station, and Alfred's kind of like skeptical, and he's like, "Oh, we're listening to this song on the radio right now." And he's like, "Yeah, how did you get in there?" He's like, "I know all the right people, it's all about the people you know." And then he's trying to like I guess hype him up, and I think he was just trying to test him out to see if he'd say the n-word again because he has him retell the story with Flo Rida, and punch line isn't as strong cause Darius is like, "I like Flo Rida," and he's like, "Alright, anyways." And then he's like, "Why'd you have me tell that story?" And he's like, "No, it was good." And then the white guy says, "Goodbye," and and then they're listening to the song. And then Paper Boy says something to one of the girls, a girl passing him, and she like says something back, and then he insults her. And then they're listening to the song, and Earn says, "This is like really good, like I'm sick of it," and he turns it off. And then there's kind of like a silence in the car, and then the guy who eventually gets shot is like really sudden breaks his breaks his what's it called side view mirror off, and Paper Boy just explodes and goes to the glove compartment for the gun, and Earn is like, "No, think about the money," and he's like, "Alright." And so he exits the car, little do you know he already has his own gun on him, and Earn takes the gun from the glove compartment, and that's kind of how the scene ends. You don't you don't see him get shot, but you already know he shot because of the first episode. And then you cut to the the mother of his daughter coming back from her date; she's wearing this little red romper, and his mom like storms out of the house and is like she's in her crib, like says something about Earn and leaves, and she's like, "What? Like where is Earn?" I guess she had assumed that he was looking after her, and I guess Earn had dropped Lottie off with his mom or had his mom come over. And she takes off her heels and kind of leaves the room, and the TV's on, and she goes to the other room, and then there's like a live news report where there's like a developing story about a murder and a shooting in a parking lot with rapper Paper Boy and Earnest Marks, I think that was his last name. And she sees the news report and is like, "Oh my god," and then their pictures flash up on the screen, Paper Boy's and then Earnest's. It looked Earnest was in a tux, it looks like one of his like old school photos or something early from some formal event, and it said they're or they're like being they're suspects in the murder. And she just goes, "You idiot," and then that's how the scene ends.