So in terms of characters' names, I remember someone was named— the main character, I think was named Alfred. I don't think I remember his cousin's name right now. Yeah, so the episode starts off with a scene that occurred in the future where there's a fight between the two main characters and another group. That other group, we don't have any context actually at that point, but they end up looking around a lot. They see a dog, some headlights. It's a bit of a confusing scene, but it ends up with them arguing about the liquor store that they're in front of, and then the main character's cousin ends up shooting the person who they're having the encounter with. Then after that, it flashes back in time a bit. The— actually, okay, I remember now. There are two main characters. First one's name is Earnest, his cousin's name is Alfred. Alfred's the one who ends up shooting the person in the very first scene. And then from there, it goes back in time. Earnest wakes up next to someone he is— has previously been in a relationship, I'm assuming. He wakes up to a dream explaining how he is trying to swim above water or across a pool or something, and there's hands trying to grab him down. Then he kisses the person who he with, and then she asks him to tell him to tell her that he loves her, and he laughs. And so she gets up and storms into the other room, and he walks over and picks up his or a child that they have in the house and is cradling it or taking care of it. And then the person he's with says that she has a date that night and he needs take care of the kid for the day, and because she has parent-teacher conferences, I think, and so he agrees to that. The next scene, I remember he is at a— he's at an airport, I believe, working, and he's trying to sell a product, and he's having not very much success with that product because he's kinda just standing there with a coworker while another coworker is having a lot of success in terms of selling whatever they're trying to sell. Next, Earnest's coworker shows him a video of Alfred. Alfred is doing some popular rap, I think, and it's blowing up on the internet. So Earnest is clearly struggling with money, so he has an idea to basically manage or work with his cousin to share the profits so he can make more money than presumably making at his current job. So the next scene, he goes to his parents' house. They're— they're not very receptive to him. They tell him to leave and and assume that he's coming to ask for money. They and they end up telling him where his cousin Alfred is and then tell him to leave, basically. The next scene, he goes over to the apartment or house where Alfred is living. They open the door with a gun to his head and are very— Alfred is— Alfred is with someone else. I don't know whether it's a friend or someone who's managing him or yeah, but Alfred then talks to him for a bit and then says, "Oh, you're only here to get money," and then and then tells him basically to leave him alone because he's only there to try and take money from him. And then it changes to a scene where Earnest is is talking to outside of a radio station. He runs into a friend he knows from before. The friend's very disrespectful. He brings up a story and says the n-word in front of Earnest, which offends him, and so the guy kinda blows Earnest off even though Earnest tries to make him a deal to play a song on the radio. And then Earnest runs into a person, a janitor, who he he basically says hi to, and he makes a deal to let him in at the end of the day to the radio to the radio station because he has the keys, and he lets he lets Earnest in. And Earnest bribes one of the leaders or he he he walks right past the person who's disrespectful to him before, and he puts the disk that he CD that he wants to play on the radio along with five hundred dollars or a cut of cash under the door to one of the heads of the radio station. The next scene, I remember Alfred calls Earnest. Is really happy, he's very high in a car, and he tells Earnest to come over there because he's really excited and his song's playing on the radio. Earnest comes over and actually so Earnest is on a bus when he gets the call from Alfred. He's holding his child or his ex-girlfriend's child, and someone sits next to him and tries to give him a bite of bread with a sandwich with I think marijuana on the inside or something weird on the inside, and that guy disappears and walks into the woods with a full suit. And so so Earnest gets the call and Earnest goes over to Alfred's car. He kinda celebrates with him. Then he runs into someone that he knows from the radio of the person he knew from before that was rude to him from the radio. He asks him to reexplain the story he told before, and this time he didn't say the n-word and he was a little bit more respectful. He got kinda mad at Earnest for bribing his coworker with the CD. Then Earnest was kinda disrespectful back to him, and he's he's very happy because Alfred's basically giving him a job as his manager. Then Alfred yells at a lady walking by trying to hit on her. Then someone probably couple minutes later, someone comes by and kicks his rear-view mirror off of his car, and then he gets out and then tussles with the guy and and we assume that the scene that happened before where he shot him occurs. And then it flashes back to a scene in a house, and there is a a TV screen on that's explaining that Alfred and Earnest and the person that they were with, Alfred's friend, are were arrested for for a murder, and some woman's on the other end, and then she says, "Oh, they're really stupid." And that's as far as I remember.