Okay, so last week, I watched the first episode of Atlanta, and it started off with sort of a confrontation in a parking lot between four men and one woman. And one of the men had hit the side view mirror on the other man's car. And they're arguing about if he should pay for it, and things sort of escalate. And one of the men pulls a gun on the other man. And there's this one other guy there who keeps saying that, "This is so weird, this is deja vu." And then the camera kind of zooms out, and you hear a gun shot, so that's kinda the intro. And you don't really know which characters are who and what's going on. But then it plays the intro, it plays the song and it says "Atlanta." And then you kinda go back to earlier that day, or that week, you kinda get the sense, and you see a man waking up. Or, he's listening to music, and he's laying in bed next to his ex-wife, who is sleeping. And he was one of the men who was at the confrontation. And he's listening to music, and his wife leans over and feels that he has headphones on, and says, "What are you doing awake?" And that's when he sort of just talks to her, and he says, "I was dreaming and I couldn't sleep." He said he was having a dream about how he was under water, and there's a girl. And there was seaweed that was pulling him down, and that represents society. And the ex-wife asks if they were—he was hooking up with a girl. And he says, "Yeah," which makes her kinda laugh. And then they start kissing, and she says, "Tell me you love me." And he doesn't respond, he kind of just laughs, and that makes her upset obviously. So they get up, and they're walking down the hall, and you see that there's a crate with a little girl in it. And his name is Earn—I forgot to say that—but his name is Earn, and then you find out that that's their daughter, so it's kind of a strange relationship. And then it kind of cuts to a different scene, and Earn is at the airport. And he is trying to sell customers a certain—a package—a flight package, or something where—an extra mile or something. And it's really boring, clearly, and they're not having any luck. And his friend says, "Have you heard of this new video by Paper Boy?" who's one of the other men who was in the parking lot at the beginning. And he says, "Oh yeah, I've heard of him, he's my cousin." And he's like, "You should, you know, get on that, try and be a part of that." So Earn leaves, and he goes to seek out his cousin, whose real name is Alfred. And he goes to his apartment. And he says, "I really wanna be your manager, I think I can help you. I know people in the music industry. I think we can both be wealthy from this, from your song." And his cousin kinda laughs at him. He's there with this other man, and they're kind of making fun of Earn. And they go outside and sit on a couch, and this other man offers Earn a cookie. It's kinda weird, and they're smoking, and they kind of leave. And it doesn't really go well, Earn's not gonna manage him. And then—I forget what exact order the scenes came in—but then you see Alfred, who's his cousin, and his friend—I think his name is Darius, or Derek or something—and they go to Earn's parents' house. I forgot to say, but Earn goes to his parents' house before this, and asks if they'll take care of their daughter, and asks where Alfred is living. And now Alfred and his friend go up to see his parents and say, "What's up with Earn?" And they say—his dad says, "He'll always go after what he wants." Yeah, so I think Alfred might be considering partnering up with Earn. And in the meantime, Earn has gone to a radio station studio where he knows one of the—I guess a DJ, or the person that plays the music. And he—this guy, he sees him in the parking lot, and he says, "Hey, could you play this song for me?" And it's the Paper Boy song. And he's like, "Oh, the people on the street love it, but I don't know, that's gonna cost you at least five hundred dollars." And he's, "I feel like I don't have that kind of money, can you play it anyway?" And he's, "No, sorry, I'll get you up to my boss but you have to pay at least five hundred dollars." And he also tells him this kind of offensive story about how he was at a club, or something. And he was playing—the DJ played two songs by Flo Rida in a row. And then, I forget what happened after that, but he says something offensive, and Earn's kinda insulted. So he goes up to the janitor—his name is Prince, I believe. And he says, "Can you get into the building later?" So later that night, Earn goes back, and he—the janitor lets him in. And he goes in and he puts the tape under the boss's door with that money. And later on, it's getting played on the radio, so you can tell that the guy who he knew at the radio station was just trying to steal the money from him. And then he's taking his daughter home, and he's on the bus. And he says something to this guy across the aisle, like, "How come it's almost as if some people are just meant to lose? Nothing can go right for me, I'm just in the way of the winners." And this guy gives him some strange advice. He says something about trees blowing in the wind. And then he offers him a bite of this sandwich that he'd been making, it's a Nutella sandwich. And Earn is like, "No thanks, I'm good," 'cause that's kinda sketchy. But he's really insistent that he takes a bite of his sandwich. Then you hear sirens, and the bus stops. This guy is gone, and he has a dog with him, and it turns out that dog was—and the man, presumably—were also at the confrontation in the parking in the beginning, so that's one of the reasons why it felt like super deja vu. But anyway, so then Earn gets a call from his cousin Alfred, Paper Boy, who says his song's playing on the radio. So they're really happy about that. And that's because Earn gave it to this radio DJ. And he goes and meets them in this parking lot. And they're all sitting in the car, and they're really excited. And they thank Earn, he offers that Earn can manage him, so that's good, he's happy about that. Then some guy walks by—oh, and then the guy from the radio station, the one DJ who was rude to Earn, comes up to the car. And he's there, and they kinda talk about the song, I think. And then Earn asks if he'll re-tell the same story, and he omits the offensive words from it, which is interesting. It was—Earn's confused whether he only says it to him. And then this—so then he leaves, and they're still talking. This other guy comes by and knocks the side view mirror off the car. And that's when they get out and they start having this confrontation in the parking lot. I forget what they were saying, but they were just arguing. And that's when you hear the gun shot again, and that's—you kinda insinuate that that's the same situation that was at the beginning of the episode. And then it cuts—then it shows Earn's ex-wife, who's actually coming back from her date. And she comes into the house, and Earn's mom leaves the house 'cause she was taking care of the daughter. And the ex-wife is just getting back, whatever. And she hears the news on the news that Earn and Alfred are suspects in a crime and they'd been arrested. And they show a picture of him. And she says—I think she says, "You idiots," or something. And she's clearly disappointed, I guess. And that's where the episode ends, yeah.