So the episode starts off with three guys in a car in a parking lot, and we later find out to be Earn is in the passenger seat, Alfred is in the driver seat, and Darius is in the back seat. And abruptly the someone tears off the mirror to Alfred's car, so Alfred gets angry and he gets out of the car and storms out, and then Earn and Darius follow him while confronting the guy who ripped off his mirror. It came up that Alfred was this new rapper Paper Boy, and then the guy who broke his mirror says some insulting things about his new song, quoting how one lyric didn't make any sense, and they exchange some words. Alfred insulted his girlfriend, the guy's girl, and it ended up where Alfred pulled a gun on the guy who broke his mirror. And while that's going on, Earn's telling him to put it away and not do anything, the guy is taunting him telling him to do something about it, and Darius is looking over to the side and sees this dog which doesn't really make any sense at first. And then it pans out and all of a sudden you hear a gunshot. So after that the title begins, it's a panoramic view of what I think is Atlanta showing the different areas, and it cuts into there's music playing and all of a sudden it cuts into Earn's bedroom where Earn is sitting listening to headphones that music that's pretty loud which wakes up his what I thought girlfriend, what really was mother of his child, who's telling him to turn off the music and asks him why he's awake so early. And then Earn responds that he had a bad dream where he dreamed that he was in a pool that was the ocean, and instead of seaweed there were those people's hands. And then in the dream there was a woman that told Earn that if the hands, if you touch the hands, they pull you down, and he said it was deep. And then his, his the mother of his daughter proceeds to question about the woman in his dreams, she appears a little bit jealous, and then they were joking around a little bit, and then they end up kissing and getting intimate. And then Earn, then Earn, then she asks Earn to tell her that, to tell her if she loves him, and then he kind of laughs it off and then tries to save it by saying that of course he does, he, he, he laughs every time she asks him to say that because he loves her so much, but she doesn't take that too well. So she gets up and she goes to the bathroom and starts fixing her hair because she has parent, because she has work soon. So then Earn goes and picks up his daughter Lottie from the crib and is holding her, and then they were discussing about their plans for the night, and then she tells him that she, that Earn has to watch Lottie tonight while she has work, she has parent teacher conference, and then she's going on a date. So Earn doesn't take that particularly well, joking that, joking with his daughter Lottie that she's going on a date with a corny guy. After that you see Earn at work and it's at an airport and it kinda looks like some of those commercials, but Earn, it starts with an older woman who's trying to recruit people to switch credit cards and gain mileage points, kinda like a salesman, sales person. And then it cuts to Earn and his coworker Swift, and Earn's kind of expressionless asks this guy, "Hey, would you like to switch?" And the guy tells him to, you know, gives him a bad response, and he's talking to coworker Swift who's kinda joking around with him and taking videos of Earn because Earn's in a bad mood. And then Swift shows Earn a music video for a new song called Paper Boy by Paper Boy, and Earn immediately recognizes that Paper Boy is his cousin Alfred. So then they kinda joke around that, or before that they joke around that they can't get anyone to sign up for the credit cards because they aren't elderly women. And then it cuts to the elderly woman kinda flirting with whoever comes by and making them sign up for her deal. So then he shows him the music video, and then it immediately cuts to Earn going to his parents' house where he knocks on the door and his dad opens and doesn't really let him go inside in the beginning, so an interesting exchange. And he's like, and Earn asks his dad what Alfred's up to, so then his dad is talking to him and talking about they kind of ask each other how they're doing. And then Earn, and then his mother points out that Earn got a job, so and they say that, and then his dad jokes around that he can't afford to let Earn come inside, and then talks about how Earn the previous day used their bathroom and didn't flush. And then his mom made a couple comments about his diet, and then he, his dad finally tells Earn that Alfred's in some apartments. So then Earn, and then it cuts to the apartments and Alfred's inside the apartments and he's playing a video game, and then Darius comes in, and then there's a knock on the door and Alfred gets up and the door. And then it goes from Earn's perspective and the door opens and Alfred's holding a gun, and then Earn makes comments saying, and then they start talking, and then Alfred opens the door and Earn goes inside. And then Darius is hiding behind a corner with a knife and a plate of cookies wearing an apron, and then Alfred tells Darius that everything's okay, so then Darius offers Earn a cookie, and then Earn takes the cookie. And then Earn starts, and then Alfred immediately guesses that Earn's there to talk about Paper Boy, and Earn tries to play it off like he's not, but then, but then eventually confesses that he wants to be Alfred's manager. So then they're talking a little bit, and then they go outside and they go to a couch on a field and they start smoking, and Earn doesn't smoke, and he's talking to Alfred, he's like, "Is there anyway we can talk?" And then Alfred doesn't like that Earn's trying to be his manager, he's kind of, he is convinced that Earn is just after his money. And then Darius says a couple weird comments about how he can't have kids, and yeah. So then after that they're walking back to the house, and then things get heated between Alfred and Earn. Alfred says that Earn hasn't stopped by to talk to him since his mother's funeral, so Alfred is discouraged, but he definitely wants to show Earn is discouraged, he definitely wants to show Alfred that he is in it for the long run, really wants to be his manager. So he goes over to the radio station where he has his friend Dave, and he knows they know each other from, I guess, from while back, and he asks Dave if he can play Paper Boy on the radio station. But Dave tells him that he'll do it only for five hundred dollars, and Earn is kind of, Earn doesn't, Earn, Earn claims that he doesn't have the money, and he asks him as a friend. And then Dave says sorry he can't, and then Dave tells Earn, before that Dave tells Earn a story and uses a derogatory term, so it can show that Earn really doesn't like Dave anymore. So then Dave kind of blows Earn off and goes inside, and then Dave talks to, he's a custodian worker pushing around a dumpster, his name is Prince, and asks Prince how long he'll be staying at the recording studio. So Prince said all night. So then Earn goes back to his house, opens up shoe box, takes out money, takes out, and then grabs the recording for school for Paper Boy, takes it to the radio station, goes, Prince lets him in the radio station. And then Earn doesn't give the CD to Dave, but he goes to CP's office and then tucks it under the door and then leaves. And then it cuts to Earn on a bus with his daughter Lottie, and they're both listening to music, and then she's falling asleep. And then there's a man across Earn in a tan suit with a bow tie, and then he says something to Earn, and then Earn takes off his headphones and the guy moves closer to him and he starts eating a sandwich with Nutella in it. So then they're talking about the guy, the man in the tuxedo or suit is giving Earn advice about life and how successful people aren't people that see failure, and then kind of like live life like a branch flowing through a stream. And Earn confesses that he feels like he's a loser and he's just there to kind of be an extra to all the people who are winners. And then the man gives him some advice, and then the man goes over and tells Earn to eat the sandwich, take a bite of the sandwich, kind of aggressively, and Earn is kind of thrown off. And then there's an abrupt, there's a police, police car goes by, there's an abrupt stop, and then the man gets off. And then Earn looks to his right, and then the man's already off the bus and he sees him through the bus window walking away into the woods with a dog, the dog that the same dog that was at the shooting scene in the beginning and at the end that Darius saw. So after that Earn is texting, is texting his the mother of his daughter, and he's texting, "I love you, like, let's talk tonight," and he's about to send it. And then Alfred calls him, and then Earn picks up the phone, and then Alfred tells her the radio station playing the music, and then invites Earn to go hang out with him and Darius and be the manager sort of. So then Earn drops off, Earn asks his mom to babysit Lottie while he goes to like this alley or parking, parking lot or Earn and Darius are, and he goes in. And then Earn and Darius are smoking, and then Earn smokes a little bit with them, and then they're listening to, to Paper Boy on the radio station. And then all of a sudden they're just talking, and then Alfred confesses how he doesn't even like the song and how they're all really happy. And then Alfred rolls down his window and kind of yells at one of the girls walking by, and then she doesn't take it too well, so she, so they kind of get into an, a, they get into, they, they insult each other, and then she walks by. And then a couple, couple seconds later the guy comes off and then rips the mirror off of Alfred's car, and then that's where you know the beginning starts. And then Alfred reaches down to the glove compartment for his gun, but then Earn tells him no, so then and stops him. And then Alfred gets out of the car and then confronts the guy, and then Earn takes the gun, and then the whole ordeal from the beginning happens, that whole ordeal from the beginning happens. And then it, it doesn't cover that again, but it cuts to a scene where Earn's mother of his daughter walks into the house and the news is playing, and they're talking about different things. And then it all of a sudden cuts to a shooting in a certain part of the city. And then, well before that, his, his Earn's mother, Earn's daughter's mother, Lottie's mother walks in, and she talks to Earn's mother who's taking care of Lottie, and then Lottie leaves, Earn's mother's taking care of Lottie, and then Earn's mother leaves. And then she's watching the news and then sees that there's, there's a shooting, and that Alfred and there's a picture of Alfred and a picture of Earn marks were the two suspects in the shooting and they're on the run. And then she calls him an idiot, and then the episode ends.