So if I recall correctly, the last episode began with a confrontation in a parking lot in front of some store or club at night. I don't remember exactly when it was. Three people, and they were talking about—sort of arguing about—the side view mirror that was knocked off on one of the person's car. And they were arguing with this other man who was the one who knocked the side view mirror off the car. And they're all sort of trying to argue it out, trying to get it replaced. One of the three people who are arguing against—who are in the group facing the man—seems stoned out of his mind. He saw some dog in the corner that he had seen somewhere before with the same collar or something like that, and described it as total deja vu. One person in the middle, he was trying to be the voice of reason, telling the other guy to sort of calm down. I assume the guy who the person in the middle was trying to calm down was the owner of the car that was damaged. And so they're sort of arguing it out. The person in the middle is trying to be the voice of reason; he's sort of acting like there's a lot at stake. And then the other person, the person who inflicted the damage, he's with this woman, and he's sort of playing it off cool, saying that there's nothing really going on. And the argument kind of builds up until the guy whose car was damaged pulls out a gun and points it at him. And then at the same time, the guy who damaged the car tells the guy who pointed the gun—the guy who had his car damaged—to sort of calm down, that all of his people, quote unquote, were around, and sort of told him not to hurt him. And then things kind of escalated a bit more until finally the person, the voice of reason who's played by Donald Glover, also pulls out a gun and also tells him to calm down. And then there's this top-down shot that eventually shows the guy who's really mad, who got his car destroyed, shooting the other person. Sorry, one quick detail: sort of what's mentioned is that the guy who got his car broken is a famous rapper, and the guy who broke his car tells him to calm down, that he apparently has a lot of money and he doesn't need to worry about it 'cause he can very easily get it fixed. So after the top-down scene where the rapper pulls the trigger, it pans to the title scenes for Atlanta. And then that sort of goes by, and then the show then goes off and starts off with sort of Donald Glover and a woman lying in the bed in the morning. Donald Glover's listening to some kind of music which is pretty loud apparently and wakes up the woman sleeping next to her. They have a little conversation about a weird dream that Donald Glover had about how he was swimming, but there are these seaweed in the bottom of the ocean, but it wasn't actually seaweed, it was hands. And he was swimming with this lady who told him that he had to swim above the hands or else he'll get pulled down. And the woman is like, "Wow, that's deep." And then they start making out; it gets kind of steamy in there. And then the woman asks like, "You know, was the girl you're swimming with hot?" And Donald Glover said, "No, she was fat." But then he says, "Then we made out." And they continue to make out. And then she says, "Tell me that you love me." Donald Glover sort of just laughs and keeps going. And the woman kinda becomes agitated, and she says, "Why don't you say that you—you love me?" And then Donald Glover says, "Well, of course I love you." And then she says, "Then say it." And then he sort of says, "I love you," in a cheesy, sheepish way, and has this weird toothy grin. Then he gets pushed off to the side; she gets up; he gets up. And she's brushing her teeth. Donald Glover goes into another room where there's a baby, and this is where you assume that Donald Glover is the father of said baby. And they're both the parents, but—and they're living together—but he's sort of living off of her place and paying rent, quote and quote, to her. And then—but they're not officially together, so it's kind of weird, doesn't make a whole lot of sense. So so the woman goes off to work; she says she has a lot of—she has parent-teacher conferences. So then you gain kind of insight that she's probably a teacher. And then Donald Glover's like, "Alright, well, what time will you get home tonight?" And she says, "Eleven PM." And Donald Glover makes some joke about parents being out late until eleven PM. And she says, "Well, I'm actually going on a date." So that's sort of how it plays out, and he gets kind of a sunken, forlorn face. And then she says, "You gotta get some rent money." So then the scene pans to Donald Glover going to his parents' house. And as soon as he steps into the door, his dad's standing in the door, and he's like, "What do you want?" And Donald Glover's like, "Nothing, can I just come in?" And his dad says, "No, I can't afford to let you in every time you come in. You ask for money or something like that." And then his mom comes in too and sort of starts talking, and she's like, "How are you doing?" He's like, "I'm fine." And she sort of complains about Donald Glover's eating habits, how they're not good at all, and sort of how she tracks his poop and it's not doing well, how he's just eating junk food and nothing good. So then he's kind of discouraged. The conversation goes on. Donald Glover starts to learn that his cousin is actually this famous rapper. Wait—but then there's an airport scene where Donald Glover is with this guy, and they're trying to pitch this airline credit card or something like that, and they're failing miserably. Well yeah, then there's this airport scene, and then there's this other older lady across from him who's doing a lot better 'cause she's flirting with all the guys. And then that's when Donald Glover learns that his cousin is actually some famous rapper by watching a music video. And the guy who's watching the music video with—originally thinks that he's talking about his cousin as in some girl who's dancing in the video and make some sort of crude offhand comment about that. And then—and then he realizes that the rapper's his cousin, and sort of jokes half-serious, half-joking kind of way, talks to Donald Glover and tells him like, "Hey, you should tell him that you know me and give me some of his money." I think that's when Donald Glover leaves. And then he goes to his cousin's place. His cousin's playing video games at the time. He's—he's interacting with the guy who was really stoned in the very beginning. And the guy who was really stoned is talking about milk and asking whether this milk is good to drink or not, in which case the rapper says, "No." Then they hear the knocking on the door and get kinda suspicious. They open the door; it's dead-bolted on a chain. And then points a gun out. And Donald makes some joke about a peephole. And then he realizes that it's his cousin and then lets him in. As they walk in, his friend who was really stoned in the beginning of the episode is holding a knife and has a bandana on, along with a plate of cookies behind a wall. The rapper says it's all okay and then pulls the—and then the guy who was really stoned pulls his bandana down and offers a cookie, in which case he takes some. And then they sort of sit down and starts talking. And Donald Glover sort of pitches the idea that he wants to be his cousin's manager. And then they go outside and smoke weed. They try to pass the joint to Donald, but he's like, "No, I haven't been smoking." And then they sort of talk about how he's not fit for a manager. And they also make some jokes about how the guy who was really stoned can't have babies anymore 'cause his testicles are gone or something like that. Anyways, so then they're sitting on this couch outside, and the conversation doesn't really go well. And it goes to a certain point where they sort of walk back into the apartment. And the rapper guy gets really mad 'cause he's like, "Yo, the last time I saw you was at my mom's funeral, and now you're coming up to me and trying to tell me that you wanna be my manager, trying to get money off of me." So that's how it is. And then you go to a scene where Donald Glover goes to this radio station. And then there's this white guy in the parking lot, and the white guy makes some joke about him being in a party with Flo Rida. And then he uses the N-word in his joke. And Donald's like, "Do you use that word all the time?" And the white guy's like, "Yeah, of course." So then he's trying to get into the radio station but doesn't work. But then there's this black custodian who's out in the front. Donald Glover sort of talks to him and starts connecting with him, and then they connect over their shared disdain over that white guy. So then he's like, "How late are you here until?" And the custodian says, "Pretty late." So then it pans forward to the rapper guy going to Donald Glover's parents' house and sort of bringing up the fact that he's trying to manage them. And the weird guy who's stoned is like, "Hey, can I measure your tree?" And the dad's like, "What? What are you talking about?" And the rapper guy tries to get close to Donald Glover's daughter who his parents are babysitting for the day, and the mom says, "No way." And then they sort of talk a little bit, and the dad says that you know if Donald gets his mind set on something like he's gonna set his—he's gonna want everything his own way. And then it pans to back to the radio station late at night where the white guy's working. Sort of he's on the air. And then Donald like sees—and then he sees Donald with the CD and some cash in it and stuffs it under a door. And then the next scene is Donald on a bus with his daughter, feeling really sad about himself, listening to some music. There's this weird guy in sunglasses and a suit or something like that sitting across from him. And then he moves over, and then he makes his Nutella sandwich and offers Donald a bite. He's like, "What do you mean?" And Donald's like, "No, I don't want that." And Donald goes off talking about there are some people in the world who are destined to succeed and some who are destined to fail to balance out those who are designated to succeed. And Donald says that he feels like that he's someone that's always destined to fail. And then the guy gives some motivational speech about wanting things really bad and not treating failure as failure but instead as motivation. And that sort of goes on. And then Donald refuses to take a bite of the sandwich. And then he leaves the bus, the guy in the suit. And then he sees him walking into the woods with some dog. And then he's just about to text his girlfriend, wife, that he loves her and that they want to talk. But then Donald gets his call from his cousin the rapper, and he's like, "Yo, listen to what's on the radio." And it's the song that Donald went to the radio station for to put on the air. And things are working out really well. And the next scene is Donald like finding him in the parking lot that was in the beginning scene of the of the episode. And they like get in, and he's really happy that his thing is playing. The same white guy comes by and like tells him like, "Hey, that's not cool." And then Donald convinces him to tell the Flo Rida story, which is totally different 'cause he didn't use the N-word that time. Didn't work out that well obviously. And they're all pretty happy. They start smoking weed. And then his cousin starts cat-calling someone across the parking lot, and Donald's like, "Woah, calm down, calm down." And makes some offhanded comment, in which case the guy who's sort of in the first title scene is—he sort of comes by and smashes the side view mirror. And then he goes out. And then Donald looks into the glove box and finds a gun and tries to diffuse the situation. And then the argument begins. And the last scene is Donald Glover's wife, partner, whatever, returning home and hearing the news that there was a shooting and that someone was critically wounded and that him and his cousin were in custody. And that's how the episode ends.