So the episode started, I think, when it was nighttime and there was a white car in front of the liquor store that had all signs lit up in front of it. And there was a dog barking across the street, and you kind of heard some yelling. And it was a guy named Paper Boy—or Alfred was his real name, Paper Boy was his rapper name. And he was—he had his two friends with him, Darius and someone whose name I can't remember, who's the main character. And the three of them were standing opposite of this one other guy and a girl in a blue shirt. And Alfred was yelling at the guy because he just kicked down his rear view mirror on his car, and he wanted money for it. And the other guy was just refusing. And so then Alfred pulled out a gun and pointed it at the other guy's chest. And then his cousin, whose name I can't remember, was kind of freaking out and telling him not to do it. And then he showed that he had a gun too, underneath his shirt tucked into his pants, 'cause we also know that the guy that they were yelling at also had a gun. And then to Alfred's right it was his friend Darius who kinda had a skeptical look on his face. And he was looking over at the barking dog, and he said he felt deja vu. And he just looked really confused. And then the camera zoomed out into a bird's eye view, and you just heard a gunshot. And then it was a different scene, and it was just another bird's eye view over another neighborhood. And it looked like a really good neighborhood, and there was one house that was burnt down or something. Or maybe it was somehow destroyed. And then it switched scenes to the main character who is in bed with his headphones on. And then next to him is his—not girlfriend, but his maybe ex-girlfriend slash baby mama. And she kinda woke up. She started to roll around and hit him in the face with her hand, and was like, "Are you awake?" And he started talking about how he had this dream. And he said he was in the ocean, he was swimming. And there was seaweed, but it wasn't just normal seaweed, it had hands. And he was in there with this woman. And then his ex-girlfriend girl lady said, "Oh, and you started making out with her?" And he was like—he said yes he did. And she was like, "I know you too well." And but then he said but the lady he was making out with was not very pretty and fat. And then they started making out, and she was like, "Tell me you love me." And he just kind of laughed. And she was like, "Why are you laughing?" And he was like, "'Cause you always asked me to say it and I always say it." And then they both got up. And he went to go see his daughter and picked her up from her crib. And the mom went into the bathroom, and she was saying, "If you're gonna keep staying here, you have to start contributing to rent." And he was like, "Okay, I'll pay you tonight." And then she's getting ready in the mirror, and she's doing her hair. And she asked him if he remembered that he had to watch their daughter tonight 'cause she was going to parent-teacher conferences. And the guy actually forgot, but he was like, "Oh, of course I remember." And she was saying how she wouldn't be home until either ten or eleven, and he was like, "Oh, that's kinda late for parent-teacher conferences." And she said she actually has a date after. And then in the next scene, I think we see the main character whose name I can't remember, and he's in an airport dressed in his work uniform. And he's selling credit cards or something with his partner Swift. And he was trying to get a customer, but he just swore at him and kept on walking. And they were saying how they were actually old ladies flirting with the younger customers, like the girl across from them in another aisle who was flirting with this white guy. And he was signing up, and she was dancing behind him looking at Swift and the other guy. And then—oh, and then he was talking to Swift, and Swift pulled out his phone and was like, "Oh, have you heard the new Paper Boy song?" And he like—and then the other guy said no, he hadn't seen it, he hasn't been keeping up with it. And then Swift pulled out his phone and showed him the music video. And the other guy was like, "Oh, that's my cousin." And then Swift said, "You need to go sign him before he gets too big." So then the guy left work, and he went to his parents' house. After that, I think he had changed back into his normal clothes waiting outside their house. And the dad opened the door but he wouldn't let him in. And there you could tell his parents kinda knew he wasn't a very responsible guy. And the mom was saying, "Oh, the last time you were in here I had to flush the toilet for you." And you can tell he's still very childish, but they wouldn't let him in 'cause they knew he was just gonna ask for money. And then he asked the dad where Alfred was, and he said he was in the Glenwood apartments. So then he walked over there, and you could tell it was a really bad neighborhood. There was guys out by the car just drinking alcohol, and you could just—it was just a sketchy-looking neighborhood. And then he went up to Alfred's house. Oh, and before that we see Alfred in there with Darius. And Alfred's playing video games and Darius is making cookies, I think. Okay, and so then the main character knocks on the door, and Alfred opens it. And well, it was—the chain was still locked on the door, but he had it open part way, and he was just peeking out, and he had his gun pointed. And then he realized who it was, and he went back and opened the door and let him into the house. And you can see as they're walking in, they turn the corner and Darius is waiting there in an apron, and he has his cookies and knife, I think. He was ready to defend Alfred when he opened the door. And he saw that it was Alfred's cousin, and he just offered him a cookie, and he took one. And then so they started talking, and the main guy said he wanted to sign Alfred. and this was while Alfred's rolling a blunt, and he just wasn't taking him very seriously. And then Darius said, "Oh, it's four thirty, we're late." And then it transitions to the next scene, and all three of them are sitting outside on a couch just in the grass. And they're smoking, not the main guy though 'cause he was—didn't wanna smoke 'cause he was talking business. And then Darius was like, "If you wanna work in the music business and you can't be high while talking business, well then it's the wrong scene for you." But basically Alfred was just really against the whole idea, and he thought his cousin was just doing it out of selfish intentions. And he was saying last time you saw him was when his mom died, and that was the last time he ever made an effort to talk to him. So he just wasn't really into the whole idea and said no. And they were saying something about cell phones, and Darius was like, "Oh, if cell phones were rats, there would be two rats for every person, it would be so much cheaper." So yeah, then the main guy left just angry that Alfred wouldn't sign—wouldn't let him sign him. So then he went to his friend—he has a friend, maybe John or Chris or something, and he met up with him in a parking lot of where he works at a radio place studio. And he was saying how much money would it cost to have a song played on the radio. And he said it all went through his boss KP, and it was—oh, what did he say? He said it would be half a stack, so he said it would be five hundred dollars. And then other guy was like, "Oh no, I don't have that kind of money." And then his friend started telling the story about how he was at this one party, and the DJ was just playing awful music. What he was—he was playing—it was someone, I don't remember who exactly, but he was playing a kind of old older singer who didn't really fit the vibe of the party, Flo Rida maybe, someone I don't know. And he was saying he went over to the DJ and pulled him aside and was like, "Oh, really?" And he called him the n-word. And the guy was like, "Oh, you really said that?" And he was like, "Yeah." And then the guy started walking back into the building, and he met up—oh, and he was walking from his car with a tray of Starbucks, and then he was walking and met up with four other friends who were going into the building. And they dapped each other up and started walking away. And then the main character was still in the parking lot, and he saw a janitor pushing a garbage can. And he went up to him and was like—he just started talking to him and asked what his name was. Something—what was it, Prince or something? And he was like, "Oh, is that really your name?" And he was like, "Yeah." And then he asked him how late he was going to be work— oh, and he asked him if the other guy usually said the n-word around him. And he was like, "Oh no, if he ever did he'd beat him up," or something. And so then he asked him what time he'd be working until. And then we see a little bit later that the janitor lets him into the building. Or no, and then before that we see the guy go back home into his Jordan shoebox, and he had a stash of money in there. So he took that back and went back to the radio station. And the janitor let him in, and he walked into the studio and saw his friend and showed that he had the money and the CD. And the friend nodded and pointed toward KP's office, and he slid it underneath the door. And then later we see that Alfred—oh, then the guy is on the bus with his daughter, and they both have headphones on. And he gets a call, or maybe before that there was a man sitting across the aisle from him in a tan coat. And he had a thing of Nutella, a tub of Nutella with him, and he had a hat on. And he went over and sat next to them, and he started asking questions. And then the other guy was saying basically he felt like the world was set up to have people like him in it to make other people look better, 'cause he felt like he keeps failing and failing all over again. And then the guy's spreading Nutella on a piece of bread, and he offers him a bite of the sandwich. He's like, "Take a bite." The guy said no. And then you saw a cop car drive by with the sirens going off, and the guy turns his head. And when he turns back around, the man in the coat is walking off the bus kind of into the bushes. And then you see that the dog from the first scene is with him, and they're walking into the—basically it looks like they're walking into the woods. And then you go back to the guy on the bus, and he gets a call from Alfred. And he's like, "Oh, can you hear this? Can you hear this?" And he just was putting his phone on the radio to show that his song was playing. Oh, and I think before the bus scene, we saw Alfred go to the other guy's dad's house where we were before. And he pulls up with Darius in the car, and you can tell they were both high. And he was like, "Oh, can I go see my niece?" And the mom's like, "No, I can tell you've been smoking." And then he's talking to the dad about his cousin, and the dad is saying, "When he puts his mind to something, he goes for it, and he's gonna do it." And Alfred I think started to take him a little bit more seriously. And then after that we go to the scene on the bus. And then Alfred—they're on the phone now, and Alfred's saying, "You need to get over here, we need to talk." And then it shows—oh, and then you see the main character, he's walking into that parking lot where we were first introduced in the episode in front of the liquor store. And it's the same white car, and he opens the passenger seat and he gets in. And it's Alfred, and Darius is in the back, and they're both smoking. And Alfred passes the main character a blunt and says, "Smoke it." And this time he laughs and starts smoking with them. And they're playing the Paper Boy song. And then—oh, and then Chris, I think is his name, the friend from the music studio, comes by, and he's just standing out the passenger window. And the main character is like, "Oh, tell them that story you were telling me earlier." And so the—he told the story about the DJ and how he went up to him. And he was like, "Really man?" And he didn't use the same term that he used before the main guy, and it was just awkward and nobody laughed. And he was like, "Yeah, I don't know why he made me tell that story, it was dumb." But the other guy was testing to see if he was gonna say that word or not around other people, and he didn't. And then that guy left. And then there was a girl who walked by, and she was wearing a blue tank top. And she walked by, and Alfred rolled down the window and was like, "Oh, hey, you hear this? This is my song." And she was just unfazed and just kept on walking. And then a little bit after that you just see from inside—the view was coming from in the car, and you just see a guy kick the rear view mirror, or kick the mirror. And Alfred starts screaming, and he's getting really upset. And he reaches for his glove compartment. And then the main character is like, "Oh, don't worry about the money. Oh, don't worry about the money." 'Cause all Alfred wanted to do was go get money from the guy to pay for the mirror. And so Alfred gets out of the car. And the main character's just getting a little frazzled and saying like, "It's not worth it." And then he reaches into the glove compartment and pulls out a gun, and he sticks it in his pants, covers it with his shirt. And then he and Darius go after the guy. And then the three of them are standing opposite of the girl and the guy who kicked down the mirror. And Alfred's like, "I want my money," he was just really upset. And he pulled the gun and pointed it to his chest, touching his chest, and the guy wasn't giving in. And you see the dog from before on the opposite side of the road, and you could see confusion in Darius's eyes again, like he was having deja vu. And then the scene just kind of continues like it did from the first time we went through it, and the camera backs up and there's a gunshot. And then we see the mom of the main character's child walking into her house or apartment. And the guy's mom is leaving, and she said, "You need more wine or something in the house," and then she left. And then it was just the lady in there. And I think she was starting to walk to go see her daughter, and then she turned and started looking at the TV that had the news playing. And it was saying it was looking for two suspects of a shooting. And then it showed Alfred's picture, and then the other guy's picture. And it was an older one, I think it was a high school yearbook picture or something. And she was like, "Oh, those idiots," or something. And then that was the end of the episode, I think.