Okay so the episode last week started out and there were two african american men. One of them was named paper boy and I can't recall the name of the other. But they were sitting in a car that had, and someone had just broken the rear view mirror off the car by kicking it. So they got out and had an altercation with the man who kicked the car and someone who looked like maybe his girlfriend. And she was dressed in kinda clubbing gear. And they were at a club. And there was this whole thing where they were before eleven o'clock or something so that was weird. That was mentioned. And then the girl said that one of the guys there was paper boy. And paper boy's this guy who had just released a mixtape and it was just really big and it was kinda like his debut I'm pretty sure. And the other guy who had actually attacked the car started like making fun of him and saying that like paper boy's music wasn't good. And that made paper boy really mad so he pulled out his gun and he pointed it at the other guy's chest. And the other guy was still like provoking him, he wasn't like very scared or anything. And the other paper boy, or the guy that was with paper boy, who's like the main character in the show, tried to like stop him. Tried to stop paper boy from like shooting the other guy because like he knew, he was like pretty intelligent, and he knew like what would happen beyond just getting revenge. So he tried to calm him down but it didn't really work and we kind of like zoomed out of it and paper boy ended up shooting the other guy is what's assumed cause you see like a bright flash and a gunshot sound. But then like it like transitions to like panning over an area. It's like a suburb kind of area. And the title of the show Atlanta just like pops up. And then it switches to like the bedroom of a house. There's the main character there and someone who's assumed to be his wife, girlfriend, significant other. But the main character had just been listening to some music in the morning. He had just woken up. He was shirtless and so he like turns to his wife to like tell her this weird dream he had where there were like he was underwater and there was like an anemone or like some sort of like plant, undersea plant that like had hands and was trying to grab him. And then there was like this girl who was described as kind of overweight there in the dream too. And so his wife like asked him like why, his wife just like asked him why he had like kissed the girl, or I guess it wasn't his wife, his significant other that asked him why he would kiss the girl. And he like at first was like oh why'd you just assume I did that blah blah blah blah blah while they were kinda in bed. And then the wife goes well did you and then he said yes so it kind of like showed that she knows him really well, whatever their relationship is. and then he kinda like rolled on top of her and kind of like kissed her a little bit. And then she asked him like tell me you love me or something like that. And he just like kinda didn't do anything, he just laughed. So she got kinda offended and was like wait why'd you laugh. And he's like oh why are you making a big deal out of it. And so then she got even more mad so he's like oh like of course I love you, why do you always ask me like I always say this like blah blah blah blah blah, and then she's still kinda mad and he gets up to go hold their child that I assume they had together. So he's like playing with her and she's like talking to him from the bathroom while she's getting ready, and like maybe she's like a teacher cause she's like talking about like coming home late cause she has parent teacher conferences. And she also mentions the fact that she has a date which is kinda confusing cause like they're in like a relationship of some sorts. But she reminds him to pick up their daughter from school and like actually take care of her instead of just passing the duty off to his parents like he usually does. And then he like, he was like very nonchalant, just like yeah, like of course, like I won't do that anymore, I'm gonna pick her up. You later find out he doesn't, but yeah. And so the main character heads off to work and he's like working at the airport or something that resembles an airport. He's like selling a credit card and he's with his friend Swiff, and they're both in suits. So they're trying to sell this card and so they only get five fifteen an hour plus commission, so however much they sell is how much money they get. And they're not doing too well cause they seem like they haven't sold any, like no one's approaching them. And then there's like another salesperson like right across from them and she's like an older woman. And there's like plenty of people around her. There's like a young boy who she's kinda like flirting with and she ends up getting a lot of business that way, by like flirting with the guys there. So the two, the main character and his friend are visibly annoyed by this but also they're like very respectful of her because she's like good at her job. And it goes back to the main character and his friend and they're talking. Oh his friend brings up paper boy, and oh all of this is happening like in the past like the little after the gunshot transitioned to the past so they could recount the events leading up to the shooting. And so his friend's talking about paper boy and he's like did you hear paper boy's mixtape it's like fire. And the main character is like no, I haven't really been keeping up with music lately. So his friend decided to like whip out his phone and decided to like show him the music, paper boy's music video for his song. And so he shows the main character this and the main character realizes it's his cousin and he decides to be the manager of his cousin so he can kinda like make money off it, and like it goes over how he's like a little bit broke, kinda struggling to make ends meet, he's been referred to as homeless. And so he like devises his plan. So he decides to go home and ask his parents where his cousin is, like where he lives, and so as soon as he gets to his parents' house, his dad like opens the door and he's like oh like we don't have money, like you can't take it, if we let you in the house we're just gonna lose money. So like this whole conversation happens while his dad's kinda at the door and he's just standing like by the doorsteps, and his dad was like or his mom's like in the background taking care of his baby. Because obviously like he didn't seem too concerned about like actually like following through the promise he made to his the woman in the morning. And his mom starts talking about like him like using their toilet the other day, secretively. And she says like she inspected his poop with a stick and he was like very grossed out about that and like tried to change the subject. And he was like, it was assumed that he ended up getting the address of where Darius lived cause like in the next scene he's like showing up at Darius's not Darius's, paper boy's house. Darius is the friend of paper boy. And so paper boy and Darius are just kinda chilling. Paper boy is on the couch and Darius is like in the kitchen, and he asks if the milk in the fridge is like okay to use, and then paper boy asks for what, and Darius is like for drinking and paper boy is like oh definitely not cause like 